Chapter 1
1章
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of   a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
这是一个举世公认的事实：一个拥有好运的单身汉一定需要一个妻子。
However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his   first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds   of the surrounding families, that he is considered the rightful property   of some one or other of their daughters.
然而，对这样一个人的感情或观点，很少有人知道他第一次进入一个社区，这一真理在周围家庭的头脑中是很好地固定的，他被认为是他们某个或其他女儿的正当财产。
“My dear Mr. Bennet,” said his lady to him one day, “have you heard that   Netherfield Park is let at last?”
“我亲爱的Bennet先生，”一天他的夫人对他说，“你听说尼日斐花园终于租出去了吗？“
Mr. Bennet replied that he had not.
Bennet先生回答说他没有。
“But it is,” returned she; “for Mrs. Long has just been here, and she told   me all about it.”
“是的，”她答道，“因为龙太太刚到这儿，她把一切都告诉了我。”
Mr. Bennet made no answer.
Bennet先生没有回答。
“Do you not want to know who has taken it?” cried his wife impatiently.
“你不想知道是谁拿走的吗？”妻子不耐烦地叫道。
“You want to tell me, and I have no objection to hearing it.”
“你想告诉我，我不反对听。”
This was invitation enough.
这个邀请够了。
“Why, my dear, you must know, Mrs. Long says that Netherfield is taken by   a young man of large fortune from the north of England; that he came down   on Monday in a chaise and four to see the place, and was so much delighted   with it, that he agreed with Mr. Morris immediately; that he is to take   possession before Michaelmas, and some of his servants are to be in the   house by the end of next week.”
“为什么，亲爱的，你要知道，龙夫人说，Netherfield是一个来自北英国巨额财产的年轻人，他来到了；在星期一的四轮马车去看的地方，很满意，他同意了Morris先生，他立即；是在米迦勒占有，并有几个仆人下周末在家。”
“What is his name?”
“他叫什么名字？”“
“Bingley.”
“宾利。”
“Is he married or single?”
“他结婚了还是单身？“
“Oh! Single, my dear, to be sure! A single man of large fortune; four or   five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls!”
“哦！单身，亲爱的，可以肯定！一个拥有大量财富的单身男子；四年或五千零一年。我们的女孩多好啊！“
“How so? How can it affect them?”
“怎么会这样？怎么能影响他们呢？“
“My dear Mr. Bennet,” replied his wife, “how can you be so tiresome! You   must know that I am thinking of his marrying one of them.”
“我亲爱的Bennet先生，”他的妻子回答，“你怎么能这么讨厌呢？！你一定知道我在考虑他和他们中的一个结婚。”
“Is that his design in settling here?”
“这是他在这里定居的设计吗？”“
“Design! Nonsense, how can you talk so! But it is very likely that he may   fall in love with one of them, and therefore you must visit him as soon as   he comes.”
“设计！胡说，你怎么能这么说？！但他很可能会爱上其中一个，所以你必须一到就去拜访他。”
“I see no occasion for that. You and the girls may go, or you may send   them by themselves, which perhaps will be still better, for as you are as   handsome as any of them, Mr. Bingley may like you the best of the party.”
“我看不出有什么机会。你和姑娘们可以去，或者你自己送去，也许会更好一些，因为你和他们一样英俊，宾利先生可能会喜欢你这个聚会上最好的。
“My dear, you flatter me. I certainly have had my share of beauty,   but I do not pretend to be anything extraordinary now. When a woman has   five grown-up daughters, she ought to give over thinking of her own   beauty.”
“亲爱的，你过奖了。我当然有我的美貌，但我现在并不假装什么了不起。当一个女人有五个成年的女儿时，她应该考虑自己的美丽。
“In such cases, a woman has not often much beauty to think of.”
“在这种情况下，女人往往没有多少美丽的想法。”
“But, my dear, you must indeed go and see Mr. Bingley when he comes into   the neighbourhood.”
“可是，亲爱的，你一定要去看看宾利先生，当他到附近来的时候。”
“It is more than I engage for, I assure you.”
“我保证，这比我做的还多。”
“But consider your daughters. Only think what an establishment it would be   for one of them. Sir William and Lady Lucas are determined to go, merely   on that account, for in general, you know, they visit no newcomers. Indeed   you must go, for it will be impossible for us to visit him if you   do not.”
“但要考虑你的女儿。只想一个建立它会对他们中的一个。威廉爵士和Lady Lucas决心要走，仅仅是因为这个缘故，因为一般来说，他们不会去拜访新来者。你一定要去，因为如果你不去的话，我们就不可能去拜访他了。”
“You are over-scrupulous, surely. I dare say Mr. Bingley will be very glad   to see you; and I will send a few lines by you to assure him of my hearty   consent to his marrying whichever he chooses of the girls; though I must   throw in a good word for my little Lizzy.”
“你太过分了，一定。我敢说，宾利先生会很高兴见到你；我会送你几句话，向他保证我衷心同意跟他结婚看他选择哪一个女孩的；不过我得给我的小Lizzy一个很好的词。”
“I desire you will do no such thing. Lizzy is not a bit better than the   others; and I am sure she is not half so handsome as Jane, nor half so   good-humoured as Lydia. But you are always giving her the   preference.”
“我希望你不要做这种事。”。Lizzy不比别人好一点；我相信她是没有简那么帅，好抵不上丽迪雅一半。但你总是偏爱她。”
“They have none of them much to recommend them,” replied he; “they are all   silly and ignorant like other girls; but Lizzy has something more of   quickness than her sisters.”
“她们没有哪一个值得夸奖的，”他回答道；“他们都像其他女孩一样愚蠢无知；但Lizzy要比她的几个姐妹伶俐些。”
“Mr. Bennet, how can you abuse your own children in such a way? You   take delight in vexing me. You have no compassion for my poor nerves.”
“Bennet先生，你怎么能这样虐待自己的孩子呢？”你喜欢让我烦恼。你对我可怜的神经没有同情心。”
“You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves. They are   my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consideration these   last twenty years at least.”
“你误会我了，亲爱的。我非常尊重你的神经。他们是我的老朋友。至少在过去的二十年里，我听说过你在考虑这些问题。”
“Ah, you do not know what I suffer.”
“啊，你不知道我受了什么苦。”
“But I hope you will get over it, and live to see many young men of four   thousand a year come into the neighbourhood.”
“但我希望你能克服它，活着看到许多四千零一岁的年轻人来到附近。”
“It will be no use to us, if twenty such should come, since you will not   visit them.”
“如果我们不来拜访他们，如果有二十个人来，那对我们毫无用处。”
“Depend upon it, my dear, that when there are twenty, I will visit them   all.”
“放心吧，亲爱的，到了二十岁的时候，我就去拜访他们了。”
Mr. Bennet was so odd a mixture of quick parts, sarcastic humour, reserve,   and caprice, that the experience of three-and-twenty years had been   insufficient to make his wife understand his character. Her mind   was less difficult to develop. She was a woman of mean understanding,   little information, and uncertain temper. When she was discontented, she   fancied herself nervous. The business of her life was to get her daughters   married; its solace was visiting and news.
Bennet先生是个古怪的人，插科打诨，爱挖苦人，储备，和任性，这三年和二十年的经验已经不足以使他的妻子了解他的个性。她的头脑不那么难发展。她是个善解人意的女人，几乎没有什么信息，脾气也不确定。当她不满足时，她觉得自己很紧张。她一生的事业是让女儿出嫁，安慰是拜访和新闻。
Chapter 2
2章
Mr. Bennet was among the earliest of those who waited on Mr. Bingley. He   had always intended to visit him, though to the last always assuring his   wife that he should not go; and till the evening after the visit was paid   she had no knowledge of it. It was then disclosed in the following manner.   Observing his second daughter employed in trimming a hat, he suddenly   addressed her with:
Bennet先生是等待宾利先生的最早的人之一。他一直打算去拜访他，尽管到最后一刻总是向妻子保证他不应该去，直到访问结束后的晚上，她才知道这件事。然后以以下方式披露。看到他的第二个女儿在修帽子，他突然对她说：
“I hope Mr. Bingley will like it, Lizzy.”
“我希望宾利先生会喜欢它，Lizzy。”
“We are not in a way to know what Mr. Bingley likes,” said her   mother resentfully, “since we are not to visit.”
“我们没有办法知道宾利先生喜欢的，”她母亲气愤地说，“因为我们不去。”
“But you forget, mamma,” said Elizabeth, “that we shall meet him at the   assemblies, and that Mrs. Long promised to introduce him.”
“可是你忘了，妈妈，”伊丽莎白说，“我们在会上见他，龙太太答应把他介绍给我。”
“I do not believe Mrs. Long will do any such thing. She has two nieces of   her own. She is a selfish, hypocritical woman, and I have no opinion of   her.”
“我不相信龙太太会做这种事。”。她自己有两个侄女。她是个自私、伪善的女人，我对她没有好感。”
“No more have I,” said Mr. Bennet; “and I am glad to find that you do not   depend on her serving you.”
“我再也没有了，”Bennet先生说，“我很高兴地发现你并不依赖她为你服务。”
Mrs. Bennet deigned not to make any reply, but, unable to contain herself,   began scolding one of her daughters.
Mrs. Bennet deigned not to make any reply, but, unable to contain herself,   began scolding one of her daughters.
“Don’t keep coughing so, Kitty, for Heaven’s sake! Have a little   compassion on my nerves. You tear them to pieces.”
“别老咳嗽，基蒂，看在上帝的份上！对我的神经有点同情。你把他们撕成碎片。”
“Kitty has no discretion in her coughs,” said her father; “she times them   ill.”
“基蒂对她的咳嗽毫无判断力，”她父亲说，“她让他们生病了。”
“I do not cough for my own amusement,” replied Kitty fretfully. “When is   your next ball to be, Lizzy?”
“我不咳嗽我自己的娱乐，”凯蒂气恼的说。“你的下一个球，当Lizzy？“
“To-morrow fortnight.”
“明天两星期。”
“Aye, so it is,” cried her mother, “and Mrs. Long does not come back till   the day before; so it will be impossible for her to introduce him, for she   will not know him herself.”
“是的，的确如此，”她母亲叫道，“龙太太直到前天才回来，所以她不可能介绍他，因为她自己也不认识他。”
“Then, my dear, you may have the advantage of your friend, and introduce   Mr. Bingley to her.”
“那么，亲爱的，你可以利用你的朋友的优势，把宾利先生介绍给她。”
“Impossible, Mr. Bennet, impossible, when I am not acquainted with him   myself; how can you be so teasing?”
“不可能，Bennet先生，不可能，我自己也不认识他，你怎么能这么逗呢？”“
“I honour your circumspection. A fortnight’s acquaintance is certainly   very little. One cannot know what a man really is by the end of a   fortnight. But if we do not venture somebody else will; and after   all, Mrs. Long and her nieces must stand their chance; and, therefore,   as she will think it an act of kindness, if you decline the office, I will   take it on myself.”
我很佩服你的细心。两星期的相识当然是少之又少。人不可能在两周结束时知道一个人究竟是什么样的人。但是，如果我们不投资别人会；毕竟，龙太太和她的侄女一定不会放过机会；和，因此，她会认为这是一个善意的举动，如果你拒绝了办公室，我就不客气了。”
The girls stared at their father. Mrs. Bennet said only, “Nonsense,   nonsense!”
姑娘们目不转睛地看着她们的父亲。Bennet太太只说：“胡说，胡说！“
“What can be the meaning of that emphatic exclamation?” cried he. “Do you   consider the forms of introduction, and the stress that is laid on them,   as nonsense? I cannot quite agree with you there. What say you,   Mary? For you are a young lady of deep reflection, I know, and read great   books and make extracts.”
“那个强调的感叹词是什么意思？”他叫道。“你认为介绍的形式和所施加的压力都是废话吗？我不太同意你的观点。你怎么说，玛丽？因为你是一个思想深刻的年轻女士，我知道，读伟大的书籍，并作出摘录。
Mary wished to say something sensible, but knew not how.
玛丽想说些明智的话，但不知道怎么说。
“While Mary is adjusting her ideas,” he continued, “let us return to Mr.   Bingley.”
“当玛丽调整她的想法时，”他继续说，“让我们回到宾利先生那里去吧。”
“I am sick of Mr. Bingley,” cried his wife.
“我讨厌宾利先生，”他的妻子叫道。
“I am sorry to hear that; but why did not you tell me that before?   If I had known as much this morning I certainly would not have called on   him. It is very unlucky; but as I have actually paid the visit, we cannot   escape the acquaintance now.”
“听到这个消息我很难过，但你为什么不早告诉我呢？”如果我今天早上知道那么多的话，我肯定不会去拜访他了。这是非常不吉利的，但实际上我已经去拜访了，我们现在逃不出熟人了。”
The astonishment of the ladies was just what he wished; that of Mrs.   Bennet perhaps surpassing the rest; though, when the first tumult of joy   was over, she began to declare that it was what she had expected all the   while.
女士们的惊讶正是他所希望的，Bennet太太也许比其他人都感到惊讶，然而，当第一声骚动结束时，她开始宣布这是她一直所期望的。
“How good it was in you, my dear Mr. Bennet! But I knew I should persuade   you at last. I was sure you loved your girls too well to neglect such an   acquaintance. Well, how pleased I am! and it is such a good joke, too,   that you should have gone this morning and never said a word about it till   now.”
“你真是太好了，我亲爱的Bennet先生！但我知道我最终应该说服你。我相信你爱你的姑娘们太好了，不会忽视这样一个熟人。我多么高兴啊！这也是一个好笑话，你今天早上该走了，到现在还没说一句话。
“Now, Kitty, you may cough as much as you choose,” said Mr. Bennet; and,   as he spoke, he left the room, fatigued with the raptures of his wife.
“现在，基蒂，你可以尽情的咳嗽了，”Bennet先生说；和，当他说话时，他离开了房间，与他的妻子面带倦容。
“What an excellent father you have, girls!” said she, when the door was   shut. “I do not know how you will ever make him amends for his kindness;   or me, either, for that matter. At our time of life it is not so pleasant,   I can tell you, to be making new acquaintances every day; but for your   sakes, we would do anything. Lydia, my love, though you are the   youngest, I dare say Mr. Bingley will dance with you at the next ball.”
“你的父亲真是太棒了，姑娘们！门关上时，她说。“我不知道你怎么会让他为他的好意而道歉，或者我也会为此而道歉。”。在我们的生活中它是不愉快的，我可以告诉你，天天去交新的朋友；可是为了你们，我们什么都愿意做。丽迪雅，我的爱人，尽管你是最小的，我敢说宾利先生会在下一个舞会上和你跳舞。
“Oh!” said Lydia stoutly, “I am not afraid; for though I am the   youngest, I’m the tallest.”
“哦！”丽迪雅坚决地说，“我不害怕；虽然我是最年轻的，我是最高的。”
The rest of the evening was spent in conjecturing how soon he would return   Mr. Bennet’s visit, and determining when they should ask him to dinner.
晚上剩下的时间都花在猜测他很快会回来的Bennet先生的访问，并确定何时应该请他吃饭。
Chapter 3
3章
Not all that Mrs. Bennet, however, with the assistance of her five   daughters, could ask on the subject, was sufficient to draw from her   husband any satisfactory description of Mr. Bingley. They attacked him in   various ways—with barefaced questions, ingenious suppositions, and   distant surmises; but he eluded the skill of them all, and they were at   last obliged to accept the second-hand intelligence of their neighbour,   Lady Lucas. Her report was highly favourable. Sir William had been   delighted with him. He was quite young, wonderfully handsome, extremely   agreeable, and, to crown the whole, he meant to be at the next assembly   with a large party. Nothing could be more delightful! To be fond of   dancing was a certain step towards falling in love; and very lively hopes   of Mr. Bingley’s heart were entertained.
然而，并非所有的Bennet太太在她五个女儿的帮助下都能问到这个问题，足以从她丈夫那里得到宾利先生满意的描述。他们想尽办法对付他赤裸裸的问句，巧妙的设想，离题很远的猜测；但他并没有所有的技巧，最后他们不得不接受他们的邻居的二手情报，Lady Lucas。她的报告非常有说服力。威廉爵士对他很满意。他很年轻，英俊潇洒，非常讨人喜欢，而且总的说来，他打算参加一个大型聚会的下一个集会。没有什么比这更令人愉快的了！爱跳舞是坠入爱河的必然步骤，宾利先生心中充满了希望。
“If I can but see one of my daughters happily settled at Netherfield,”   said Mrs. Bennet to her husband, “and all the others equally well married,   I shall have nothing to wish for.”
“如果我能看到我的一个女儿幸福地定居在Netherfield，”Bennet太太对她的丈夫说：“和所有人一样结婚，我就心满意足了。”
In a few days Mr. Bingley returned Mr. Bennet’s visit, and sat about ten   minutes with him in his library. He had entertained hopes of being   admitted to a sight of the young ladies, of whose beauty he had heard   much; but he saw only the father. The ladies were somewhat more fortunate,   for they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper window that he   wore a blue coat, and rode a black horse.
过了几天，宾利先生回到Bennet先生的家里，和他在图书馆里坐了大约十分钟。他怀着希望，希望能看到那些年轻的女士，她们的美貌他听过很多，但他只看到了父亲。女士们更幸运一些，因为他们有一个好处，就是从楼上的窗户上发现他穿着一件蓝色的外套，骑着一匹黑马。
An invitation to dinner was soon afterwards dispatched; and already had   Mrs. Bennet planned the courses that were to do credit to her   housekeeping, when an answer arrived which deferred it all. Mr. Bingley   was obliged to be in town the following day, and, consequently, unable to   accept the honour of their invitation, etc. Mrs. Bennet was quite   disconcerted. She could not imagine what business he could have in town so   soon after his arrival in Hertfordshire; and she began to fear that he   might be always flying about from one place to another, and never settled   at Netherfield as he ought to be. Lady Lucas quieted her fears a little by   starting the idea of his being gone to London only to get a large party   for the ball; and a report soon followed that Mr. Bingley was to bring   twelve ladies and seven gentlemen with him to the assembly. The girls   grieved over such a number of ladies, but were comforted the day before   the ball by hearing, that instead of twelve he brought only six with him   from London—his five sisters and a cousin. And when the party   entered the assembly room it consisted of only five altogether—Mr.   Bingley, his two sisters, the husband of the eldest, and another young   man.
很快就发出了一份晚餐邀请，而且Bennet太太已经计划好了要归功于她的家务事的课程，这时一个答复把一切都推迟了。宾利先生不得不在城里的第二天，和，因此，无法接受他们的盛情邀请，等Bennet太太非常不安。她无法想象就要进城抵达赫特福德郡后不久；她开始担心他会一直飞到另一个地方，不在Netherfield定居，他应该。Lady Lucas消除她的恐惧一点点从他去伦敦只是为了得到一个大党为球的想法；和报告之后不久，宾利先生把十二位女士和七位男士的装配。姑娘们为这么多的女士感到悲伤，但在舞会前的一天，她们得到了安慰，而不是十二岁，他只带了六个来自伦敦的五个姐妹和一个表妹。当他们进入会议室也只有五altogether-mr.宾利，他的两个姐妹，老大的丈夫和另一个年轻人。
Mr. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant   countenance, and easy, unaffected manners. His sisters were fine women,   with an air of decided fashion. His brother-in-law, Mr. Hurst, merely   looked the gentleman; but his friend Mr. Darcy soon drew the attention of   the room by his fine, tall person, handsome features, noble mien, and the   report which was in general circulation within five minutes after his   entrance, of his having ten thousand a year. The gentlemen pronounced him   to be a fine figure of a man, the ladies declared he was much handsomer   than Mr. Bingley, and he was looked at with great admiration for about   half the evening, till his manners gave a disgust which turned the tide of   his popularity; for he was discovered to be proud; to be above his   company, and above being pleased; and not all his large estate in   Derbyshire could then save him from having a most forbidding, disagreeable   countenance, and being unworthy to be compared with his friend.
宾利先生是英俊的绅士；他有一个愉快的表情，和容易的，未受影响的方式。他的姐姐们都是好女人，有着坚定的气质。他的姐夫Hurst先生，仅仅看了绅士；但他的朋友达西先生很快引起了全场的注意他的好，高高的个儿，眉清目秀，举止高贵，和报告，一般循环后五分钟内，他的入口，他已一万零一年。绅士们说他是个好男人，女人说他比宾利先生漂亮得多，他以钦佩的目光注视了半个晚上，直到他的举止令人厌恶的感觉他最受欢迎的潮流；他被发现在他的骄傲；公司以上满意；而不是他所有的大地产在德比郡就可以救他，有一个最可怕的，不愉快的面容，是不配与他的朋友相比。
Mr. Bingley had soon made himself acquainted with all the principal people   in the room; he was lively and unreserved, danced every dance, was angry   that the ball closed so early, and talked of giving one himself at   Netherfield. Such amiable qualities must speak for themselves. What a   contrast between him and his friend! Mr. Darcy danced only once with Mrs.   Hurst and once with Miss Bingley, declined being introduced to any other   lady, and spent the rest of the evening in walking about the room,   speaking occasionally to one of his own party. His character was decided.   He was the proudest, most disagreeable man in the world, and everybody   hoped that he would never come there again. Amongst the most violent   against him was Mrs. Bennet, whose dislike of his general behaviour was   sharpened into particular resentment by his having slighted one of her   daughters.
宾利先生很快就熟悉了房间里所有的重要人物；他是活泼的，毫无保留的，每支舞都跳，很生气，舞会结束的这么早，还说要自己在Netherfield。这种和蔼可亲的品质必须为他们自己说话。他和他的朋友形成了鲜明的对照！达西先生只和Hurst太太跳过一次舞，同宾利小姐跳了一次舞，谢绝了介绍给其他女士，晚上其余时间都在房间里走来走去，偶尔对他自己的一个晚会讲话。他的性格决定了。他是骄傲的，在世界上最讨厌的人，每个人都希望他不要再来。对他最反感的是Bennet夫人，她不喜欢他的行为举止，更气愤的是他有轻视她的一个女儿。
Elizabeth Bennet had been obliged, by the scarcity of gentlemen, to sit   down for two dances; and during part of that time, Mr. Darcy had been   standing near enough for her to hear a conversation between him and Mr.   Bingley, who came from the dance for a few minutes, to press his friend to   join it.
Elizabeth Bennet由于缺少绅士，不得不坐下来跳两段舞；在这段时间里，达西先生站得离她够近，她听到了他和宾利先生之间的谈话，他来自舞会几分钟，要求他的朋友加入。
“Come, Darcy,” said he, “I must have you dance. I hate to see you standing   about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better dance.”
“来吧，达西，”他说，“我一定要你跳舞。”。我讨厌看到你这样愚蠢地站着。你跳舞跳得好多了。”
“I certainly shall not. You know how I detest it, unless I am particularly   acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this it would be   insupportable. Your sisters are engaged, and there is not another woman in   the room whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand up with.”
“我当然不会。你知道我是多么讨厌它，除非我特别了解我的伴侣。在这样的一个组件，这将是难以忍受的。你的姐妹订婚了，房间里没有别的女人可以和我站在一起了。
“I would not be so fastidious as you are,” cried Mr. Bingley, “for a   kingdom! Upon my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in my   life as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see   uncommonly pretty.”
“我不会像你这样挑剔的，”宾利先生喊道，“为了一个王国！对我来说，我从来没见过这么多可爱的姑娘在我的生活和我今晚有；其中有几个非常漂亮的见你。”
“You are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room,” said Mr.   Darcy, looking at the eldest Miss Bennet.
“你和房间里唯一漂亮的女孩跳舞，”达西先生看着最大的Bennet小姐说。
“Oh! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld! But there is one of   her sisters sitting down just behind you, who is very pretty, and I dare   say very agreeable. Do let me ask my partner to introduce you.”
“哦！她是我见过的最漂亮的生物！但是有一个姐姐坐在你后面，她很漂亮，我敢说她很讨人喜欢。让我请我的搭档介绍一下。”
“Which do you mean?” and turning round he looked for a moment at   Elizabeth, till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and coldly said:   “She is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt me; I am in no   humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by   other men. You had better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles, for   you are wasting your time with me.”
“你是什么意思？“他回头看了一眼伊丽莎白，看到她的眼睛，他收回了自己，冷冷地说：“她还可以，但不足以打动我；现在我没有心情给后果的女孩子受到别人。你最好回到你的伴侣那里去享受她的微笑，因为你在浪费我的时间。
Mr. Bingley followed his advice. Mr. Darcy walked off; and Elizabeth   remained with no very cordial feelings toward him. She told the story,   however, with great spirit among her friends; for she had a lively,   playful disposition, which delighted in anything ridiculous.
宾利先生采纳了他的建议。达西先生走开了，伊丽莎白对他仍然没有很亲切的感情。然而，她在朋友中却很有勇气地讲述了这个故事，因为她有一种活泼、顽皮的性格，对任何可笑的事情都感到高兴。
The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family. Mrs.   Bennet had seen her eldest daughter much admired by the Netherfield party.   Mr. Bingley had danced with her twice, and she had been distinguished by   his sisters. Jane was as much gratified by this as her mother could be,   though in a quieter way. Elizabeth felt Jane’s pleasure. Mary had heard   herself mentioned to Miss Bingley as the most accomplished girl in the   neighbourhood; and Catherine and Lydia had been fortunate enough never to   be without partners, which was all that they had yet learnt to care for at   a ball. They returned, therefore, in good spirits to Longbourn, the   village where they lived, and of which they were the principal   inhabitants. They found Mr. Bennet still up. With a book he was regardless   of time; and on the present occasion he had a good deal of curiosity as to   the event of an evening which had raised such splendid expectations. He   had rather hoped that his wife’s views on the stranger would be   disappointed; but he soon found out that he had a different story to hear.
整个晚上愉快地结束了整个家庭。Bennet太太看到她的大女儿多受Netherfield党。宾利先生和她跳了两次舞，她被他的姐妹们所尊敬。简和她母亲一样，对这一点感到很满意，尽管她比较安静。Elizabeth felt Jane的快乐。玛丽听到自己提到宾利小姐是附近最有成就的女孩；凯瑟琳和丽迪雅很幸运，从来没有没有舞伴，这是他们在舞会上还学会了照顾的东西。他们回来了，因此，精神很好，到Longbourn，他们居住的村庄，和他们的主要居民。他们发现Bennet先生还没起床。他用一本书，毫不计较时间；在目前的情况下，他对一个使人产生如此美好期望的夜晚发生了极大的好奇心。他倒希望妻子对陌生人的看法会令人失望，但他很快就发现他有一个不同的故事要听。
“Oh! my dear Mr. Bennet,” as she entered the room, “we have had a most   delightful evening, a most excellent ball. I wish you had been there. Jane   was so admired, nothing could be like it. Everybody said how well she   looked; and Mr. Bingley thought her quite beautiful, and danced with her   twice! Only think of that, my dear; he actually danced with her   twice! and she was the only creature in the room that he asked a second   time. First of all, he asked Miss Lucas. I was so vexed to see him stand   up with her! But, however, he did not admire her at all; indeed, nobody   can, you know; and he seemed quite struck with Jane as she was going down   the dance. So he inquired who she was, and got introduced, and asked her   for the two next. Then the two third he danced with Miss King, and the two   fourth with Maria Lucas, and the two fifth with Jane again, and the two   sixth with Lizzy, and the Boulanger—”
“哦！我亲爱的Bennet先生，“当她走进房间时，”我们度过了一个非常愉快的夜晚，一个非常棒的舞会。我希望你去过那里。简是如此受人钦佩，没有什么能比得上它。大家都说她看上去很漂亮，宾利先生觉得她很漂亮，还跟她跳了两次舞！想想吧，亲爱的，他居然和她跳了两次舞！她是房间里唯一的生物，他又问了一次。首先，他问卢卡斯小姐。看到他和她站在一起我很生气！但是，他一点也不钦佩她，事实上，没有人能，你知道的，他在跳舞的时候似乎对简很感兴趣。他问她是谁，然后被介绍给她，然后问她要那两个。然后，第三个和他跳舞的金小姐，和第四个Maria Lucas，和两个第五再次与简，和第六个Lizzy，还有布朗热”
“If he had had any compassion for me,” cried her husband   impatiently, “he would not have danced half so much! For God’s sake, say   no more of his partners. Oh that he had sprained his ankle in the first   dance!”
“如果他对我有同情心的话，”丈夫不耐烦地叫道，“他不会跳那么一半的！看在上帝的份上，不要再说他的伙伴了。哦，他第一次跳舞时扭伤了脚踝！“
“Oh! my dear, I am quite delighted with him. He is so excessively   handsome! And his sisters are charming women. I never in my life saw   anything more elegant than their dresses. I dare say the lace upon Mrs.   Hurst’s gown—”
“哦！亲爱的，我很喜欢他。他太英俊了！他的姐妹都是迷人的女人。我一生中从未见过比他们的衣服更高雅的东西。我敢说Hurst太太礼服上的花边——“
Here she was interrupted again. Mr. Bennet protested against any   description of finery. She was therefore obliged to seek another branch of   the subject, and related, with much bitterness of spirit and some   exaggeration, the shocking rudeness of Mr. Darcy.
她又被打断了。Bennet先生抗议任何服饰的描述。因此，她不得不寻找这个话题的另一个分支，并与达西先生那令人震惊的粗鲁和痛苦的精神相矛盾。
“But I can assure you,” she added, “that Lizzy does not lose much by not   suiting his fancy; for he is a most disagreeable, horrid man, not   at all worth pleasing. So high and so conceited that there was no enduring   him! He walked here, and he walked there, fancying himself so very great!   Not handsome enough to dance with! I wish you had been there, my dear, to   have given him one of your set-downs. I quite detest the man.”
“不过我可以告诉你，”她补充道，“Lizzy没迎合他的幻想；他是个最讨厌、最可恶的人不值得去奉承。如此高傲，如此自负，无法忍受他！他走了，他走到那里，把自己看得那么伟大！不够英俊，不能跳舞！亲爱的，我真希望你曾在那儿给过他一次机会。我很讨厌那个人。”
Chapter 4
4章
When Jane and Elizabeth were alone, the former, who had been cautious in   her praise of Mr. Bingley before, expressed to her sister just how very   much she admired him.
当简和伊丽莎白单独在一起时，前曾谨慎地赞扬宾利先生的前男友向她姐姐表达了她对他的钦佩之情。
“He is just what a young man ought to be,” said she, “sensible,   good-humoured, lively; and I never saw such happy manners!—so much   ease, with such perfect good breeding!”
“他只是一个年轻的男人应该是，”她说，“明智的、幽默的、活泼的；我从来没有见过如此快乐的方式！太轻松了，有这么好的教养！“
“He is also handsome,” replied Elizabeth, “which a young man ought   likewise to be, if he possibly can. His character is thereby complete.”
“他也很英俊，”伊丽莎白回答说，“如果他能的话，年轻人也应该如此。”。他的性格因此而完整。”
“I was very much flattered by his asking me to dance a second time. I did   not expect such a compliment.”
他要求我再跳一次舞，我感到非常荣幸。我没想到会有这样的恭维。”
“Did not you? I did for you. But that is one great difference between us.   Compliments always take you by surprise, and me never. What   could be more natural than his asking you again? He could not help seeing   that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman in the room.   No thanks to his gallantry for that. Well, he certainly is very agreeable,   and I give you leave to like him. You have liked many a stupider person.”
“不是吗？我为你做的。但这是我们之间的一大区别。赞美总是带给你惊喜，而我从不。还有什么比他再问你更自然的了？他不禁看到你和房间里其他女人一样漂亮五倍。没有感谢他的殷勤。嗯，他的确很讨人喜欢，我允许你喜欢他。你曾经喜欢过很多蠢货。”
“Dear Lizzy!”
“亲爱的Lizzy！“
“Oh! you are a great deal too apt, you know, to like people in general.   You never see a fault in anybody. All the world are good and agreeable in   your eyes. I never heard you speak ill of a human being in your life.”
“哦！你很喜欢一般人，你知道的。谁也看不到缺点。你眼中的世界都是美好和惬意的。我从来没听你说过人的坏话。
“I would not wish to be hasty in censuring anyone; but I always speak what   I think.”
“我不想指责任何人仓促；但我总是说我是怎么想的。”
“I know you do; and it is that which makes the wonder. With your   good sense, to be so honestly blind to the follies and nonsense of others!   Affectation of candour is common enough—one meets with it   everywhere. But to be candid without ostentation or design—to take   the good of everybody’s character and make it still better, and say   nothing of the bad—belongs to you alone. And so you like this man’s   sisters, too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his.”
“我知道你会的，而这正是创造奇迹的原因。”。你的好的感觉，那么真的无视别人的愚蠢和无聊！做作的直率是足够普遍遇到它无处不在。但没有炫耀或设计把所有人好的一面，让它更好的为人坦率，说的不好属于你一个人。你也喜欢这个男人的姐妹，是吗？他们的举止和他不一样。”
“Certainly not—at first. But they are very pleasing women when you   converse with them. Miss Bingley is to live with her brother, and keep his   house; and I am much mistaken if we shall not find a very charming   neighbour in her.”
“当然不是第一次。但当你和她们交谈时，她们是非常讨人喜欢的女人。宾利小姐要和她哥哥住在一起，把他的房子留下来；如果我们在她身上找不到一个迷人的邻居，我就大错特错了。”
Elizabeth listened in silence, but was not convinced; their behaviour at   the assembly had not been calculated to please in general; and with more   quickness of observation and less pliancy of temper than her sister, and   with a judgement too unassailed by any attention to herself, she was very   little disposed to approve them. They were in fact very fine ladies; not   deficient in good humour when they were pleased, nor in the power of   making themselves agreeable when they chose it, but proud and conceited.   They were rather handsome, had been educated in one of the first private   seminaries in town, had a fortune of twenty thousand pounds, were in the   habit of spending more than they ought, and of associating with people of   rank, and were therefore in every respect entitled to think well of   themselves, and meanly of others. They were of a respectable family in the   north of England; a circumstance more deeply impressed on their memories   than that their brother’s fortune and their own had been acquired by   trade.
伊丽莎白静静地听着，但不相信；他们在组装行为不想讨好一般；与观察力比她姐姐脾气柔顺，以判断太桀骜不驯的任何注意自己，她不喜欢宾利。事实上，她们都是非常好的女士；她们高兴的时候，她们的幽默感并不差，她们选择她们的时候，她们并没有使她们满意的能力，而是骄傲自大。他们都长得很漂亮，曾在镇上的一个一流的私立学院的教育，有二万镑的财产，在花费比他们应该的习惯，和与人交往的级别，所以每次都尊重对自己好，对他人冷酷。他们在英国北部是一个受人尊敬的家庭，他们的记忆比他们兄弟的财产和他们自己的财产得到了更深刻的印象。
Mr. Bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly a hundred thousand   pounds from his father, who had intended to purchase an estate, but did   not live to do it. Mr. Bingley intended it likewise, and sometimes made   choice of his county; but as he was now provided with a good house and the   liberty of a manor, it was doubtful to many of those who best knew the   easiness of his temper, whether he might not spend the remainder of his   days at Netherfield, and leave the next generation to purchase.
宾利先生从他父亲那里继承了将近十万英镑的财产，他的父亲本来打算买一块地产，但他并没有这样做。宾利先生也打算，有时使他县的选择；但现在他有一个好的房子，而且有庄园，令人怀疑那些了解他的脾气随和，他是否可以不花他的天在Netherfield的其余部分，并把下代购买。
His sisters were anxious for his having an estate of his own; but, though   he was now only established as a tenant, Miss Bingley was by no means   unwilling to preside at his table—nor was Mrs. Hurst, who had   married a man of more fashion than fortune, less disposed to consider his   house as her home when it suited her. Mr. Bingley had not been of age two   years, when he was tempted by an accidental recommendation to look at   Netherfield House. He did look at it, and into it for half-an-hour—was   pleased with the situation and the principal rooms, satisfied with what   the owner said in its praise, and took it immediately.
他的姐妹们都渴望他有自己的产业；但是，虽然他现在只不过是个佃户，但宾利小姐决不愿意主持他的婚礼，Hurst太太也不是嫁给一个比财富更时尚的男人，更不愿意把他的房子当作自己的家。宾利先生没有两岁，当他因为偶然推荐看尼日斐花园的房子。他看了看，走进了半个小时，对形势和主房间感到很满意，对主人说的话很满意，马上就把它拿走了。
Between him and Darcy there was a very steady friendship, in spite of   great opposition of character. Bingley was endeared to Darcy by the   easiness, openness, and ductility of his temper, though no disposition   could offer a greater contrast to his own, and though with his own he   never appeared dissatisfied. On the strength of Darcy’s regard, Bingley   had the firmest reliance, and of his judgement the highest opinion. In   understanding, Darcy was the superior. Bingley was by no means deficient,   but Darcy was clever. He was at the same time haughty, reserved, and   fastidious, and his manners, though well-bred, were not inviting. In that   respect his friend had greatly the advantage. Bingley was sure of being   liked wherever he appeared, Darcy was continually giving offense.
在他和达西之间，尽管性格有很大的对立，但却有着非常牢固的友谊。宾利喜欢达西的易用性、开放性和延展性，他的脾气，虽然没有配置可以提供给自己的一个大的反差，虽然他自己从来没出现不满。对达西的器重，宾利有坚定的信赖，对他的判断和评价最高。在理解上，达西是卓越的。宾利一点也不差，但达西很聪明。他同时傲慢，矜持，挑剔，他的举止虽然很有教养，但却不吸引人。在这方面，他的朋友有很大的优势。宾利确信无论他出现在哪里都会被人喜欢，达西不断地冒犯别人。
The manner in which they spoke of the Meryton assembly was sufficiently   characteristic. Bingley had never met with more pleasant people or   prettier girls in his life; everybody had been most kind and attentive to   him; there had been no formality, no stiffness; he had soon felt   acquainted with all the room; and, as to Miss Bennet, he could not   conceive an angel more beautiful. Darcy, on the contrary, had seen a   collection of people in whom there was little beauty and no fashion, for   none of whom he had felt the smallest interest, and from none received   either attention or pleasure. Miss Bennet he acknowledged to be pretty,   but she smiled too much.
的方式，他们谈到了麦里屯装配足够的特点。宾利一生中从未遇到过更愉快的人或更漂亮的姑娘；每个人都对他非常亲切和殷勤；没有拘谨，没有拘谨；他很快就熟悉了所有的房间；至于Bennet小姐，他无法想象一个更美丽的天使。恰恰相反，达西看到了一群人，他们没有什么美丽和时尚，因为没有一个人对他感兴趣。他承认Bennet小姐很漂亮，但她笑得太多了。
Mrs. Hurst and her sister allowed it to be so—but still they admired   her and liked her, and pronounced her to be a sweet girl, and one whom   they would not object to know more of. Miss Bennet was therefore   established as a sweet girl, and their brother felt authorized by such   commendation to think of her as he chose.
Hurst太太和她姐姐允许她这样做，但他们仍然钦佩她，喜欢她，并声称她是一个可爱的女孩，他们不想知道的更多。因此，Bennet小姐被认为是一个可爱的姑娘，他们的兄弟觉得受到这样的赞扬，就可以选择她。
Chapter 5
5章
Within a short walk of Longbourn lived a family with whom the Bennets were   particularly intimate. Sir William Lucas had been formerly in trade in   Meryton, where he had made a tolerable fortune, and risen to the honour of   knighthood by an address to the king during his mayoralty. The distinction   had perhaps been felt too strongly. It had given him a disgust to his   business, and to his residence in a small market town; and, in quitting   them both, he had removed with his family to a house about a mile from   Meryton, denominated from that period Lucas Lodge, where he could think   with pleasure of his own importance, and, unshackled by business, occupy   himself solely in being civil to all the world. For, though elated by his   rank, it did not render him supercilious; on the contrary, he was all   attention to everybody. By nature inoffensive, friendly, and obliging, his   presentation at St. James’s had made him courteous.
步行Longbourn住着一户人家Bennets是特别亲密。William Lucas先生从前是在麦里屯的地方贸易，他犯了一个相当的财富，并上升到骑士的荣誉由地址到国王在他的市长职位。这种区别也许太强烈了。它给了他憎恶他的生意，和他居住在一个小集镇；和，在放弃他们，他摘下了他的家人去从麦里屯一英里的房子，计价的那个时期的卢卡斯旅馆，在那里他可以与自己的重要性，认为解放的快乐，业务，占据自己仅仅是全世界公民。因为，虽然地位提高了，它没有使他高傲的；相反，他关心每个人。自然与世无争，友好，乐于助人，在圣杰姆斯的演讲让他有礼貌。
Lady Lucas was a very good kind of woman, not too clever to be a valuable   neighbour to Mrs. Bennet. They had several children. The eldest of them, a   sensible, intelligent young woman, about twenty-seven, was Elizabeth’s   intimate friend.
Lady Lucas是一个很好的女人，不太聪明，不可能成为Bennet太太的一个有价值的邻居。他们有几个孩子。他们中年龄最大的是一个懂事、聪明的年轻女子，大约二十七岁，是伊丽莎白的密友。
That the Miss Lucases and the Miss Bennets should meet to talk over a ball   was absolutely necessary; and the morning after the assembly brought the   former to Longbourn to hear and to communicate.
，Lucases小姐和贝内茨小姐应该见面谈球是绝对必要的；而早晨装配后带来了前Longbourn听和沟通。
“You began the evening well, Charlotte,” said Mrs. Bennet with   civil self-command to Miss Lucas. “You were Mr. Bingley’s first   choice.”
“你晚上开始的很好，夏洛特，”Bennet太太用卢卡斯小姐的民间命令说。“你是宾利先生的第一选择。”
“Yes; but he seemed to like his second better.”
“是的，但他似乎更喜欢他的第二个。”
“Oh! you mean Jane, I suppose, because he danced with her twice. To be   sure that did seem as if he admired her—indeed I rather   believe he did—I heard something about it—but I hardly   know what—something about Mr. Robinson.”
“哦！我想你是说简，因为他跟她跳了两次舞。可以肯定的是，一切好像他欣赏她我的确相信他确是这样的我听说了一些关于我不知道一些关于鲁滨孙先生。”
“Perhaps you mean what I overheard between him and Mr. Robinson; did not I   mention it to you? Mr. Robinson’s asking him how he liked our Meryton   assemblies, and whether he did not think there were a great many pretty   women in the room, and which he thought the prettiest? and his   answering immediately to the last question: ‘Oh! the eldest Miss Bennet,   beyond a doubt; there cannot be two opinions on that point.’”
“也许你指的是我在他和鲁滨孙先生之间听到的话，我不是跟你提过吗？”鲁滨孙先生问他喜不喜欢我们去集会，问他是否觉得房间里有很多漂亮的女人，而他认为最漂亮的？他马上回答最后一个问题：“哦！大小姐Bennet，毫无疑问，在这一点上不能有两种意见。
“Upon my word! Well, that is very decided indeed—that does seem as   if—but, however, it may all come to nothing, you know.”
“听我的话！嗯，那确实是很确定的，看起来似乎是，但是，它可能都落空了，你知道的。
“My overhearings were more to the purpose than yours,   Eliza,” said Charlotte. “Mr. Darcy is not so well worth listening to as   his friend, is he?—poor Eliza!—to be only just tolerable.”
“我比你更overhearings，目的付然，”夏洛特说。“达西先生不像他的朋友那样值得听，是吗？”-可怜的付然！-只能容忍。”
“I beg you would not put it into Lizzy’s head to be vexed by his   ill-treatment, for he is such a disagreeable man, that it would be quite a   misfortune to be liked by him. Mrs. Long told me last night that he sat   close to her for half-an-hour without once opening his lips.”
“我请求你别把它放在Lizzy的头上被他虐待的烦恼，因为他是个令人讨厌的人，很不幸的是他喜欢。龙太太昨晚告诉我，他在她身边坐了半个小时，一次也没开口。
“Are you quite sure, ma’am?—is not there a little mistake?” said   Jane. “I certainly saw Mr. Darcy speaking to her.”
“你确定吗，夫人？”-不是有点小错误吗？” said   Jane. “我当然看见达西先生在跟她说话。”
“Aye—because she asked him at last how he liked Netherfield, and he   could not help answering her; but she said he seemed quite angry at being   spoke to.”
“是因为她最后问他喜不喜欢Netherfield，他也忍不住回答她；但她说，他似乎很生气了。”
“Miss Bingley told me,” said Jane, “that he never speaks much, unless   among his intimate acquaintances. With them he is remarkably   agreeable.”
“宾利小姐告诉我，”简说，“除非他那些亲密的熟人，否则他从来不多说话。和他们在一起，他非常讨人喜欢。”
“I do not believe a word of it, my dear. If he had been so very agreeable,   he would have talked to Mrs. Long. But I can guess how it was; everybody   says that he is eat up with pride, and I dare say he had heard somehow   that Mrs. Long does not keep a carriage, and had come to the ball in a   hack chaise.”
“我一点也不相信，亲爱的。如果他那么和蔼可亲的话，他就会和龙太太谈谈的。但我可以猜到它是如何；大家都说他非常骄傲，而且我敢说，他一定是听说龙太太不让一辆马车，来到球架马车。”
“I do not mind his not talking to Mrs. Long,” said Miss Lucas, “but I wish   he had danced with Eliza.”
“我不介意他不跟龙太太说话，”卢卡斯小姐说，“但我希望他能和付然跳舞。”
“Another time, Lizzy,” said her mother, “I would not dance with him,   if I were you.”
“还有一次，Lizzy，”她母亲说，“我不会跟他跳舞，如果我是你的。”
“I believe, ma’am, I may safely promise you never to dance with   him.”
“我相信，夫人，我可以向你保证，永远不要和他跳舞。”
“His pride,” said Miss Lucas, “does not offend me so much as pride   often does, because there is an excuse for it. One cannot wonder that so   very fine a young man, with family, fortune, everything in his favour,   should think highly of himself. If I may so express it, he has a right   to be proud.”
“他的骄傲，”卢卡斯小姐说，“不像骄傲那样冒犯我，因为这是一个借口。”。一个年轻人，拥有家庭，财富，一切对他有利的人，都应该看得起自己。如果我能这么表达的话，他有权利感到骄傲。”
“That is very true,” replied Elizabeth, “and I could easily forgive his   pride, if he had not mortified mine.”
“这是非常真实的，”伊丽莎白答道，“我也很容易原谅他的骄傲，如果他没有触犯我的。”
“Pride,” observed Mary, who piqued herself upon the solidity of her   reflections, “is a very common failing, I believe. By all that I have ever   read, I am convinced that it is very common indeed; that human nature is   particularly prone to it, and that there are very few of us who do not   cherish a feeling of self-complacency on the score of some quality or   other, real or imaginary. Vanity and pride are different things, though   the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being   vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we   would have others think of us.”
“骄傲，”玛丽说，谁生气自己在她思考的坚固性，是一个非常普通的失败，我相信。从我所读到的所有东西中，我相信这是非常普遍的，人性是特别容易发生的，我们中很少有人不以某种品质或其他真实或虚构的分数来珍惜自满情绪。虚荣与骄傲是不同的事情，尽管经常在同义词。一个人可能骄傲而不虚荣。骄傲更多地与我们对自己的看法有关，虚荣与别人对我们的看法有关。
“If I were as rich as Mr. Darcy,” cried a young Lucas, who came with his   sisters, “I should not care how proud I was. I would keep a pack of   foxhounds, and drink a bottle of wine a day.”
“如果我和达西先生一样富有，”一个年轻的卢卡斯和他的姐妹们一起喊道，“我不在乎我有多骄傲。我要养一群猎狗，喝一天一瓶酒。”
“Then you would drink a great deal more than you ought,” said Mrs. Bennet;   “and if I were to see you at it, I should take away your bottle directly.”
Bennet太太说：“那你就喝多了吧，要是我看见你，我就直接把你的瓶子拿走。”
The boy protested that she should not; she continued to declare that she   would, and the argument ended only with the visit.
男孩抗议说她不应该，她继续宣称她愿意，争论只在访问结束时才结束。
Chapter 6
6章
The ladies of Longbourn soon waited on those of Netherfield. The visit was   soon returned in due form. Miss Bennet’s pleasing manners grew on the   goodwill of Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley; and though the mother was found   to be intolerable, and the younger sisters not worth speaking to, a wish   of being better acquainted with them was expressed towards the two   eldest. By Jane, this attention was received with the greatest pleasure,   but Elizabeth still saw superciliousness in their treatment of everybody,   hardly excepting even her sister, and could not like them; though their   kindness to Jane, such as it was, had a value as arising in all   probability from the influence of their brother’s admiration. It was   generally evident whenever they met, that he did admire her and to   her it was equally evident that Jane was yielding to the preference   which she had begun to entertain for him from the first, and was in a way   to be very much in love; but she considered with pleasure that it was not   likely to be discovered by the world in general, since Jane united, with   great strength of feeling, a composure of temper and a uniform   cheerfulness of manner which would guard her from the suspicions of the   impertinent. She mentioned this to her friend Miss Lucas.
Longbourn的女士很快在Netherfield等待。这次访问很快就恢复了。Bennet小姐令人愉快的举止是由于Hurst太太和宾利小姐的好意，尽管母亲被人认为是难以忍受的，而妹妹们却不值得说话，但他们对两位老大表示了一种加深了解的愿望。通过简，得到这样的关注的最大乐趣，但伊丽莎白还是看到了高傲的她们对每个人都不例外，即使她妹妹，不喜欢他们；虽然他们的善良的简，如是有价值的，由于所有的概率从他们兄弟的崇拜的影响。这是一般的明显他们每次见面时，他非常钦佩她，她同样也很明显，简是屈服于偏好，她开始接受他，从一开始，而且是在一个可以说是非常喜欢；但她认为快乐是不可能一般由世界发现，自从简联合，与感觉强度很大，一个沉着的脾气和统一的方式，这会保护她从那个无礼的怀疑快乐。她向她的朋友卢卡斯小姐提起此事。
“It may perhaps be pleasant,” replied Charlotte, “to be able to impose on   the public in such a case; but it is sometimes a disadvantage to be so   very guarded. If a woman conceals her affection with the same skill from   the object of it, she may lose the opportunity of fixing him; and it will   then be but poor consolation to believe the world equally in the dark.   There is so much of gratitude or vanity in almost every attachment, that   it is not safe to leave any to itself. We can all begin freely—a   slight preference is natural enough; but there are very few of us who have   heart enough to be really in love without encouragement. In nine cases out   of ten a women had better show more affection than she feels.   Bingley likes your sister undoubtedly; but he may never do more than like   her, if she does not help him on.”
“也许这是令人愉快的，”夏洛特回答说，“在这样的情况下能够向公众施加压力，但有时这样的防卫有时是不利的。如果一个女人从她的对象中隐藏了同样的技巧，她可能失去了修复他的机会；在黑暗中平等地相信世界，那将是一种可怜的安慰。在几乎每一个附件中都有如此多的感激或虚荣，离开它本身是不安全的。我们都开始freely-a轻微的倾向是很自然的；但是，很少有人能够在没有爱的鼓励。在九个案例中，101个女人比她感觉的表现得更好。宾利当然喜欢你妹妹，但如果她不帮助他，他可能永远不会喜欢她。
“But she does help him on, as much as her nature will allow. If I can   perceive her regard for him, he must be a simpleton, indeed, not to   discover it too.”
“但她确实帮助了他，正如她的天性允许的那样。”。如果我能看出她对他的好感，他一定是个傻瓜，真的，没有发现它。”
“Remember, Eliza, that he does not know Jane’s disposition as you do.”
“记住，付然，他不像你那样了解简的性格。”
“But if a woman is partial to a man, and does not endeavour to conceal it,   he must find it out.”
但女人若偏爱一个男人，不想隐瞒，他就一定要把它找出来。
“Perhaps he must, if he sees enough of her. But, though Bingley and Jane   meet tolerably often, it is never for many hours together; and, as they   always see each other in large mixed parties, it is impossible that every   moment should be employed in conversing together. Jane should therefore   make the most of every half-hour in which she can command his attention.   When she is secure of him, there will be more leisure for falling in love   as much as she chooses.”
“也许他必须这样，如果他对她有足够的了解的话。”。但是，尽管宾利和简还经常见面，这是从来没有很多时间在一起；和他们见面，总是在大的混合方，这是不可能的，每一刻都在交谈。因此，珍妮应该充分利用每一个半小时的时间来吸引他的注意力。当她对他有了信心，就会有更多的闲暇，像她所选择的那样坠入爱河。
“Your plan is a good one,” replied Elizabeth, “where nothing is in   question but the desire of being well married, and if I were determined to   get a rich husband, or any husband, I dare say I should adopt it. But   these are not Jane’s feelings; she is not acting by design. As yet, she   cannot even be certain of the degree of her own regard nor of its   reasonableness. She has known him only a fortnight. She danced four dances   with him at Meryton; she saw him one morning at his own house, and has   since dined with him in company four times. This is not quite enough to   make her understand his character.”
“你的计划很好，”伊丽莎白回答说，“没有什么问题，只有结婚的愿望，如果我决心要娶一个有钱的丈夫，或者任何一个丈夫，我敢说我应该接受它。”。但这些不是简的感情，她不是按设计行事的。到目前为止，她甚至不能肯定自己的程度和合理性。她认识他才两个星期。她跳了四跳与他在麦里屯；在自己家里的一个早晨，她看见他，已经同他在公司的四倍。这还不足以让她理解他的性格。”
“Not as you represent it. Had she merely dined with him, she might   only have discovered whether he had a good appetite; but you must remember   that four evenings have also been spent together—and four evenings   may do a great deal.”
“不像你代表的那样。如果她只和他一起吃饭，她可能只发现他胃口好，但你必须记住，四个晚上也在一起度过，四个晚上可能会做很多事情。
“Yes; these four evenings have enabled them to ascertain that they both   like Vingt-un better than Commerce; but with respect to any other leading   characteristic, I do not imagine that much has been unfolded.”
“是的；这四个晚上让他们确定他们都喜欢Vingt un胜过商业；但相对于其他重要的特点，我不想像很多已经展开。”
“Well,” said Charlotte, “I wish Jane success with all my heart; and if she   were married to him to-morrow, I should think she had as good a chance of   happiness as if she were to be studying his character for a twelvemonth.   Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions   of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar   beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always   continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of   vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of   the person with whom you are to pass your life.”
“嗯，”夏洛特说，“我希望简的成功，与所有我的心；如果她嫁给了他，明天，我想她有一个好机会，幸福好像要研究他的性格一年。婚姻中的幸福完全是一个偶然的问题。如果当事人之间的关系是如此地相互了解，或者事先是如此相似的话，那么至少不会使他们的幸福感提高。他们总是保持充分的成长，不像后来的人那样有烦恼；最好是尽可能少地了解与你交往的人的缺点。
“You make me laugh, Charlotte; but it is not sound. You know it is not   sound, and that you would never act in this way yourself.”
“你使我发笑，夏洛特，但它不是声音。”。你知道这是不健全的，你永远不会采取这种方式自己。
Occupied in observing Mr. Bingley’s attentions to her sister, Elizabeth   was far from suspecting that she was herself becoming an object of some   interest in the eyes of his friend. Mr. Darcy had at first scarcely   allowed her to be pretty; he had looked at her without admiration at the   ball; and when they next met, he looked at her only to criticise. But no   sooner had he made it clear to himself and his friends that she hardly had   a good feature in her face, than he began to find it was rendered   uncommonly intelligent by the beautiful expression of her dark eyes. To   this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying. Though he had   detected with a critical eye more than one failure of perfect symmetry in   her form, he was forced to acknowledge her figure to be light and   pleasing; and in spite of his asserting that her manners were not those of   the fashionable world, he was caught by their easy playfulness. Of this   she was perfectly unaware; to her he was only the man who made himself   agreeable nowhere, and who had not thought her handsome enough to dance   with.
伊丽莎白注意到宾利对她妹妹的殷勤，她根本不怀疑她自己成了朋友眼中的某种兴趣对象。起初，达西先生几乎不让她显得漂亮；他在舞会上对她毫不钦佩；当他们下一次见面时，他只是批评她。但没多久他和他的朋友们清楚，她几乎没有在她的脸上一个很好的功能，比他开始发现它呈现极其聪明的她的黑眼睛的美丽的表达。这一发现成功的其他一些同样令人痛心。虽然他在挑剔的眼光中发现了不止一种形式的完美匀称的失败，但他不得不承认她的身材轻盈而讨人喜欢；尽管他声称自己的举止并不是时尚界的，他却被他们轻松的嬉戏所吸引。她完全不知道，对她来说，他只不过是一个在哪儿都不讨人喜欢的人，谁也没想到她能与人共舞。
He began to wish to know more of her, and as a step towards conversing   with her himself, attended to her conversation with others. His doing so   drew her notice. It was at Sir William Lucas’s, where a large party were   assembled.
他开始想更多地了解她，作为与她交谈的一个步骤，她参加了与其他人的谈话。他这样做引起了她的注意。那是在William Lucas爵士的一个大型聚会上。
“What does Mr. Darcy mean,” said she to Charlotte, “by listening to my   conversation with Colonel Forster?”
“达西先生是什么意思？”她对夏洛特说，“听我和福斯特上校的谈话。”“
“That is a question which Mr. Darcy only can answer.”
“这是达西先生唯一能回答的问题。”
“But if he does it any more I shall certainly let him know that I see what   he is about. He has a very satirical eye, and if I do not begin by being   impertinent myself, I shall soon grow afraid of him.”
“如果他再这样做，我一定要让他知道我知道他是干什么的。他有一个非常讽刺的眼睛，如果我一开始没有那么粗鲁的话，我会怕他。”
On his approaching them soon afterwards, though without seeming to have   any intention of speaking, Miss Lucas defied her friend to mention such a   subject to him; which immediately provoking Elizabeth to do it, she turned   to him and said:
伊丽莎白小姐很快就走近他们，虽然他似乎没有什么话要说，但卢卡斯小姐不让她的朋友向他提这样一个问题，立刻激怒了她，她转过身来对他说：
“Did you not think, Mr. Darcy, that I expressed myself uncommonly well   just now, when I was teasing Colonel Forster to give us a ball at   Meryton?”
“难道你不觉得，达西先生，我表达了我自己现在非常好，当我取笑福斯特上校给我们在麦里屯一个球吗？“
“With great energy; but it is always a subject which makes a lady   energetic.”
“精力充沛，但它始终是一个使女人精力充沛的话题。”
“You are severe on us.”
“你对我们太严厉了。”
“It will be her turn soon to be teased,” said Miss Lucas. “I am   going to open the instrument, Eliza, and you know what follows.”
“她很快就会被人取笑的，”卢卡斯小姐说。“我要打开乐器，付然，你知道接下来会怎样。”
“You are a very strange creature by way of a friend!—always wanting   me to play and sing before anybody and everybody! If my vanity had taken a   musical turn, you would have been invaluable; but as it is, I would really   rather not sit down before those who must be in the habit of hearing the   very best performers.” On Miss Lucas’s persevering, however, she added,   “Very well, if it must be so, it must.” And gravely glancing at Mr. Darcy,   “There is a fine old saying, which everybody here is of course familiar   with: ‘Keep your breath to cool your porridge’; and I shall keep mine to   swell my song.”
“你是一个非常奇怪的生物！-总是希望我能在任何人和任何人面前演奏和歌唱！如果我的虚荣心转向音乐的话，你就已经非常宝贵的；但是，我实在不愿意坐在那些必须听最好的表演者的习惯。”卢卡斯小姐的坚持，但是，她补充说，“很好，如果必须这样，它必须。”郑重地看着达西，“有句老话，大家在这里当然是熟悉：“少管闲事”；我也就留口气的歌。”
Her performance was pleasing, though by no means capital. After a song or   two, and before she could reply to the entreaties of several that she   would sing again, she was eagerly succeeded at the instrument by her   sister Mary, who having, in consequence of being the only plain one in the   family, worked hard for knowledge and accomplishments, was always   impatient for display.
她的表演很讨人喜欢，虽然不是资本。一首或两首歌之后，她还没来得及回答几个恳求她再唱，她急切地在她的妹妹玛丽，谁具有仪器成功了，在家里唯一的平原的一个结果，努力的知识和成就，总是不耐烦的显示。
Mary had neither genius nor taste; and though vanity had given her   application, it had given her likewise a pedantic air and conceited   manner, which would have injured a higher degree of excellence than she   had reached. Elizabeth, easy and unaffected, had been listened to with   much more pleasure, though not playing half so well; and Mary, at the end   of a long concerto, was glad to purchase praise and gratitude by Scotch   and Irish airs, at the request of her younger sisters, who, with some of   the Lucases, and two or three officers, joined eagerly in dancing at one   end of the room.
玛丽既没有天才，也没有味道；虽然虚荣给她应用，这给了她同样一个迂腐气和自负的态度，这会损害比她达到一个较高的卓越程度。伊丽莎白，易受影响，已经听了高兴得多了，虽然不太好打一半；和玛丽，在一个长的协奏曲之后，高兴地购买几支苏格兰和爱尔兰曲调的感激之情，在请求她的妹妹，谁，与一些不是，两或三名人员，踊跃跳舞在房间的一端。
Mr. Darcy stood near them in silent indignation at such a mode of passing   the evening, to the exclusion of all conversation, and was too much   engrossed by his thoughts to perceive that Sir William Lucas was his   neighbour, till Sir William thus began:
达西先生站在他们身边，对这样一种过了傍晚的方式表示不安，把所有的谈话都排除在外，全神贯注地想着William Lucas爵士是他的邻居，直到威廉爵士这样开始：
“What a charming amusement for young people this is, Mr. Darcy! There is   nothing like dancing after all. I consider it as one of the first   refinements of polished society.”
“对年轻人来说，这是多么迷人的娱乐，达西先生！没有什么比跳舞更好的了。我认为这是擦亮的社会的第一次改良。”
“Certainly, sir; and it has the advantage also of being in vogue amongst   the less polished societies of the world. Every savage can dance.”
“当然可以，先生，它也有着在世界上不那么优雅的社会中流行的优势。”。每个野人都会跳舞。”
Sir William only smiled. “Your friend performs delightfully,” he continued   after a pause, on seeing Bingley join the group; “and I doubt not that you   are an adept in the science yourself, Mr. Darcy.”
威廉爵士只笑了一下。“你的朋友表现令人欣喜的是，”他继续说：看到宾利加入集团；“我毫不怀疑你在学自己，达西先生是内行。”
“You saw me dance at Meryton, I believe, sir.”
“你的舞蹈在麦里屯，看见我，我相信，先生。”
“Yes, indeed, and received no inconsiderable pleasure from the sight. Do   you often dance at St. James’s?”
“是的，的确，而且看得非常高兴。你经常在圣杰姆斯的舞会上跳舞吗？“
“Never, sir.”
“从来没有，先生。”
“Do you not think it would be a proper compliment to the place?”
“你不认为这是对这个地方的恰当赞美吗？“
“It is a compliment which I never pay to any place if I can avoid it.”
“这是一种恭维，如果我能避免的话，我决不会付钱给任何地方。”
“You have a house in town, I conclude?”
“你在城里有房子吗？”“
Mr. Darcy bowed.
达西先生鞠了一躬。
“I had once had some thought of fixing in town myself—for I am fond   of superior society; but I did not feel quite certain that the air of   London would agree with Lady Lucas.”
“我曾经有过在定居的想法，因为我喜欢优越的社会，但我不太确定伦敦的空气会不会同意他。”
He paused in hopes of an answer; but his companion was not disposed to   make any; and Elizabeth at that instant moving towards them, he was struck   with the action of doing a very gallant thing, and called out to her:
他停下来想得到一个答案，但他的同伴不想做任何回答；伊丽莎白在那一刻向他们走去，他受到了做一件非常勇敢的事情的打击，便向她喊了一声：
“My dear Miss Eliza, why are you not dancing? Mr. Darcy, you must allow me   to present this young lady to you as a very desirable partner. You cannot   refuse to dance, I am sure when so much beauty is before you.” And, taking   her hand, he would have given it to Mr. Darcy who, though extremely   surprised, was not unwilling to receive it, when she instantly drew back,   and said with some discomposure to Sir William:
“亲爱的付然小姐，你为什么不跳舞呢？”达西先生，你必须允许我把这位年轻女士介绍给你，作为一个非常理想的伴侣。你不能拒绝跳舞，我相信在这么多的美就在你面前。”，拉着她的手，他会把它交给达西先生，虽然惊讶极了，不愿意接受它，当她立刻把手缩了回去，并与一些不安威廉爵士说：
“Indeed, sir, I have not the least intention of dancing. I entreat you not   to suppose that I moved this way in order to beg for a partner.”
“的确，先生，我无意跳舞。”。我恳求你不要以为我这样走是为了讨个伴。”
Mr. Darcy, with grave propriety, requested to be allowed the honour of her   hand, but in vain. Elizabeth was determined; nor did Sir William at all   shake her purpose by his attempt at persuasion.
达西先生庄重庄重地请求准许她的荣誉，但白费了。伊丽莎白已下定决心，威廉爵士一点也不动摇他劝说的意图。
“You excel so much in the dance, Miss Eliza, that it is cruel to deny me   the happiness of seeing you; and though this gentleman dislikes the   amusement in general, he can have no objection, I am sure, to oblige us   for one half-hour.”
“你在舞会上表现得太好了，付然小姐，否认我见到你的快乐是残忍的；虽然这位先生不喜欢这种娱乐，但我肯定他不会反对，答应我们半小时。”
“Mr. Darcy is all politeness,” said Elizabeth, smiling.
“达西先生很有礼貌，”伊丽莎白微笑着说。
“He is, indeed; but, considering the inducement, my dear Miss Eliza, we   cannot wonder at his complaisance—for who would object to such a   partner?”
“他是真的；但是，考虑到诱因，亲爱的付然小姐，我们不能怀疑他的彬彬有礼的人会反对这样的一个舞伴？“
Elizabeth looked archly, and turned away. Her resistance had not injured   her with the gentleman, and he was thinking of her with some complacency,   when thus accosted by Miss Bingley:
伊丽莎白笑盈盈地瞟了一眼，转身离去。她的抵抗力没有受伤的她与绅士，他想起了她有些自满，于是怒斥宾利小姐：
“I can guess the subject of your reverie.”
“我能猜出你幻想的主题。”
“I should imagine not.”
“我想不会。”
“You are considering how insupportable it would be to pass many evenings   in this manner—in such society; and indeed I am quite of your   opinion. I was never more annoyed! The insipidity, and yet the noise—the   nothingness, and yet the self-importance of all those people! What would I   give to hear your strictures on them!”
“你是怎么考虑难以将通过多个晚上以这样的方式在这样的社会；事实上我赞同你的观点。我再也不生气了！的无味，但噪音的虚无，然而所有人的自我的重要性！我会给你听些什么？！“
“Your conjecture is totally wrong, I assure you. My mind was more   agreeably engaged. I have been meditating on the very great pleasure which   a pair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow.”
我向你保证，你的推测完全错了。我的头脑去经营。我一直在沉思着一双美丽的眼睛在一个漂亮女人面前能给予的巨大快乐。”
Miss Bingley immediately fixed her eyes on his face, and desired he would   tell her what lady had the credit of inspiring such reflections. Mr. Darcy   replied with great intrepidity:
宾利小姐立刻盯着他的脸，希望他能告诉她，那位女士有什么好激发这种想法的。达西先生以极大的勇气回答道：
“Miss Elizabeth Bennet.”
“Elizabeth Bennet小姐。”
“Miss Elizabeth Bennet!” repeated Miss Bingley. “I am all astonishment.   How long has she been such a favourite?—and pray, when am I to wish   you joy?”
“Elizabeth Bennet小姐！宾利小姐重复说。“我很惊讶。她这么受欢迎多久了？-祈祷，我什么时候能祝福你？“
“That is exactly the question which I expected you to ask. A lady’s   imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to   matrimony, in a moment. I knew you would be wishing me joy.”
“这正是我期望你问的问题。女人的想象力是非常迅速的，从爱慕到爱，从爱情到婚姻。我就知道你会祝福我的。”
“Nay, if you are serious about it, I shall consider the matter is   absolutely settled. You will be having a charming mother-in-law, indeed;   and, of course, she will always be at Pemberley with you.”
“不，如果你认真的话，我会认为这事是完全解决的。”。你将有一个可爱的婆婆，真的；和，当然，她总是会在彭伯里的你。”
He listened to her with perfect indifference while she chose to entertain   herself in this manner; and as his composure convinced her that all was   safe, her wit flowed long.
当她选择以这种方式自娱自乐时，他完全不理她，而他的镇静使她确信一切都是安全的，她的机智也滔滔不绝。
Chapter 7
7章
Mr. Bennet’s property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two   thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed, in   default of heirs male, on a distant relation; and their mother’s fortune,   though ample for her situation in life, could but ill supply the   deficiency of his. Her father had been an attorney in Meryton, and had   left her four thousand pounds.
Bennet先生的财产几乎完全由一个二千零一年的财产组成，不幸的是，他的女儿们继承了一个远房亲戚的继承权，而母亲的财产虽然足以维持她在生活中的地位，但却不能弥补他的不足。她的父亲曾在麦里屯的一名律师，给了她四千英镑。
She had a sister married to a Mr. Phillips, who had been a clerk to their   father and succeeded him in the business, and a brother settled in London   in a respectable line of trade.
她有一个姐姐嫁给了一个菲利浦斯先生，他是他们父亲的一个职员，他继承了他的生意，一个兄弟在伦敦定居，以一个体面的行业做生意。
The village of Longbourn was only one mile from Meryton; a most convenient   distance for the young ladies, who were usually tempted thither three or   four times a week, to pay their duty to their aunt and to a milliner’s   shop just over the way. The two youngest of the family, Catherine and   Lydia, were particularly frequent in these attentions; their minds were   more vacant than their sisters’, and when nothing better offered, a walk   to Meryton was necessary to amuse their morning hours and furnish   conversation for the evening; and however bare of news the country in   general might be, they always contrived to learn some from their aunt. At   present, indeed, they were well supplied both with news and happiness by   the recent arrival of a militia regiment in the neighbourhood; it was to   remain the whole winter, and Meryton was the headquarters.
Longbourn村里屯相隔只有一英里；对年轻女人最方便的距离，他们通常会去三或四次一周，支付他们的责任他们的姑姑和女帽店就在路上。两个最小的妹妹，凯瑟琳和丽迪雅，特别倾心于这方面；她们的精神比姐姐更空虚，当没有更好的提供，一个去逗他们的早晨和晚上的谈话提供是必要的；但是这村子里通常没有什么新闻可以他们总是设法了解一些他们的阿姨。目前，事实上，他们提供的都用在这一团人最近到达的消息和幸福；它是保持整个冬天，麦里屯的总部。
Their visits to Mrs. Phillips were now productive of the most interesting   intelligence. Every day added something to their knowledge of the   officers’ names and connections. Their lodgings were not long a secret,   and at length they began to know the officers themselves. Mr. Phillips   visited them all, and this opened to his nieces a store of felicity   unknown before. They could talk of nothing but officers; and Mr. Bingley’s   large fortune, the mention of which gave animation to their mother, was   worthless in their eyes when opposed to the regimentals of an ensign.
他们去拜访菲利浦斯太太，现在已产生了最有趣的情报。每天都增加了一些关于军官姓名和联系的知识。他们的住处也不是秘密，最后他们开始知道自己的军官。菲利浦斯先生参观了他们的一切，这开启了他的侄女一家幸福以前未知的。他们可以谈论的只是官员；而宾利先生的大笔财富，其中提到了动画，他们的母亲，在她们眼中一文不值时，反对一个少尉军服。
After listening one morning to their effusions on this subject, Mr. Bennet   coolly observed:
一天上午，在听了他们对这个问题的讨论之后，Bennet先生冷静地观察了一下：
“From all that I can collect by your manner of talking, you must be two of   the silliest girls in the country. I have suspected it some time, but I am   now convinced.”
“从我所能搜集到你说话的方式，你必须在两个国家最愚蠢的女孩。我怀疑过一段时间，但现在我确信了。”
Catherine was disconcerted, and made no answer; but Lydia, with perfect   indifference, continued to express her admiration of Captain Carter, and   her hope of seeing him in the course of the day, as he was going the next   morning to London.
凯瑟琳很不安，并没有答案；但丽迪雅，完全漠视，继续表达她的爱慕卡特上尉，她希望在一天的过程中看到他，因为他要去伦敦的下一个早晨。
“I am astonished, my dear,” said Mrs. Bennet, “that you should be so ready   to think your own children silly. If I wished to think slightingly of   anybody’s children, it should not be of my own, however.”
“我很惊讶，亲爱的，”Bennet太太说，“你应该如此准备去想你自己的孩子们。如果我想轻视任何人的孩子，它不应该是我自己的，但是。”
“If my children are silly, I must hope to be always sensible of it.”
“如果我的孩子们傻了，我一定要永远理智地对待它。”
“Yes—but as it happens, they are all of them very clever.”
“是的，但碰巧他们都很聪明。”
“This is the only point, I flatter myself, on which we do not agree. I had   hoped that our sentiments coincided in every particular, but I must so far   differ from you as to think our two youngest daughters uncommonly   foolish.”
“这是唯一的一点，我奉承自己，我们不同意。”。我希望我们的感情的同时在每一个细节，但我必须这么远不同于你的认为我们的两个小女儿，非常愚蠢。”
“My dear Mr. Bennet, you must not expect such girls to have the sense of   their father and mother. When they get to our age, I dare say they will   not think about officers any more than we do. I remember the time when I   liked a red coat myself very well—and, indeed, so I do still at my   heart; and if a smart young colonel, with five or six thousand a year,   should want one of my girls I shall not say nay to him; and I thought   Colonel Forster looked very becoming the other night at Sir William’s in   his regimentals.”
“我亲爱的Bennet先生，你不能指望这样的女孩子有父亲和母亲的感觉。”。当他们到了我们这个年纪，我敢说他们不会比我们想象军官更多了。我记得那个时候我喜欢一件红色的外套我很好，真的，所以我仍然在我的心里；要是有位漂亮的年轻上校，五或六千零一年，希望我的一个女孩，我决不会拒绝他的；我觉得福斯特上校很成为威廉爵士在他的军服的那天晚上。”
“Mamma,” cried Lydia, “my aunt says that Colonel Forster and Captain   Carter do not go so often to Miss Watson’s as they did when they first   came; she sees them now very often standing in Clarke’s library.”
“妈妈，”丽迪雅叫道，“我姑妈说福斯特上校和卡特上尉不像克拉克刚来时那样经常去见Watson小姐，她现在常常站在图书馆里。”
Mrs. Bennet was prevented replying by the entrance of the footman with a   note for Miss Bennet; it came from Netherfield, and the servant waited for   an answer. Mrs. Bennet’s eyes sparkled with pleasure, and she was eagerly   calling out, while her daughter read,
Bennet太太回答以阻止Bennet小姐注意仆人的入口；它来自Netherfield，和仆人等待答复。Bennet太太的眼睛闪着喜悦的光芒，她急切地喊着，而她的女儿正在读，
“Well, Jane, who is it from? What is it about? What does he say? Well,   Jane, make haste and tell us; make haste, my love.”
“嗯，简，是谁来的？这是关于什么的？他说什么？好了，简，赶快告诉我们，快点，我的爱人。
“It is from Miss Bingley,” said Jane, and then read it aloud.
“是宾利小姐写的，”简说，然后大声念了起来。
“MY DEAR FRIEND,—
“我亲爱的朋友，—
“If you are not so compassionate as to dine to-day with Louisa and me, we   shall be in danger of hating each other for the rest of our lives, for a   whole day’s tete-a-tete between two women can never end without a quarrel.   Come as soon as you can on receipt of this. My brother and the gentlemen   are to dine with the officers.—Yours ever,
“如果你不那么富有同情心的吃饭今天跟我和路易莎，我们就要彼此一生的危险，整整一天的女朋友在两个女人之间永远都不会结束，没有争吵。你一收到这封信就尽快来。我的兄弟和先生们要和军官们一起吃饭，
“CAROLINE BINGLEY”
“CAROLINE BINGLEY”
“With the officers!” cried Lydia. “I wonder my aunt did not tell us of that.”
“和军官们一起！丽迪雅喊道。“我不知道我姑姑没有告诉我们这件事。”
“Dining out,” said Mrs. Bennet, “that is very unlucky.”
“出去吃饭，”Bennet太太说，“那真是太不幸了。”
“Can I have the carriage?” said Jane.
“我可以坐马车吗？”简说。
“No, my dear, you had better go on horseback, because it seems likely to   rain; and then you must stay all night.”
“不，亲爱的，你最好骑着马去，因为好像要下雨，然后你必须呆上一整夜。”
“That would be a good scheme,” said Elizabeth, “if you were sure that they   would not offer to send her home.”
“那是个好办法，”伊丽莎白说，“如果你确定他们不愿意送她回家的话。”
“Oh! but the gentlemen will have Mr. Bingley’s chaise to go to Meryton,   and the Hursts have no horses to theirs.”
“哦！但先生将宾利先生的马车走去，和赫斯特一家没有马的人。”
“I had much rather go in the coach.”
“我宁愿坐马车去。”
“But, my dear, your father cannot spare the horses, I am sure. They are   wanted in the farm, Mr. Bennet, are they not?”
“可是，亲爱的，我敢肯定，你父亲救不了马。”。Bennet先生，他们在农场里被通缉，不是吗？“
“They are wanted in the farm much oftener than I can get them.”
“他们在农场要多于我能得到他们想要的。”
“But if you have got them to-day,” said Elizabeth, “my mother’s purpose   will be answered.”
“但是，如果你今天得到了它们，”伊丽莎白说，“我母亲的目的将得到回答。”
She did at last extort from her father an acknowledgment that the horses   were engaged. Jane was therefore obliged to go on horseback, and her   mother attended her to the door with many cheerful prognostics of a bad   day. Her hopes were answered; Jane had not been gone long before it rained   hard. Her sisters were uneasy for her, but her mother was delighted. The   rain continued the whole evening without intermission; Jane certainly   could not come back.
她终于向她父亲勒索，承认马订婚了。简因此不得不骑马去，母亲送她到门口许多快乐的预测糟糕的一天。她的希望得到了回报；简还没走多久就下起了大雨。她的姐妹们为她感到不安，但她的母亲很高兴。雨整个晚上都在不停地停着，简肯定不能回来了。
“This was a lucky idea of mine, indeed!” said Mrs. Bennet more than once,   as if the credit of making it rain were all her own. Till the next   morning, however, she was not aware of all the felicity of her   contrivance. Breakfast was scarcely over when a servant from Netherfield   brought the following note for Elizabeth:
“这真是个幸运的主意，真的。”！Bennet太太不止一次地说，好像是下雨的功劳全是她自己的功劳。直到次日早晨，然而，她没有意识到她所有的不幸福。早饭还没吃完，一个来自Netherfield的仆人带来以下注伊丽莎白：
“MY DEAREST LIZZY,—
“我最亲爱的LIZZY，—
“I find myself very unwell this morning, which, I suppose, is to be   imputed to my getting wet through yesterday. My kind friends will not hear   of my returning till I am better. They insist also on my seeing Mr. Jones—therefore   do not be alarmed if you should hear of his having been to me—and,   excepting a sore throat and headache, there is not much the matter with   me.—Yours, etc.”
“我今天早上觉得很不舒服，我想这应该归咎于昨天我浑身湿透了。我的好朋友不会听到我回来，直到我好起来。他们也坚持要我见琼斯先生，所以如果你听到他对我的话，不要惊慌，除了喉咙痛和头痛，我也没什么问题。
“Well, my dear,” said Mr. Bennet, when Elizabeth had read the note aloud,   “if your daughter should have a dangerous fit of illness—if she   should die, it would be a comfort to know that it was all in pursuit of   Mr. Bingley, and under your orders.”
“好吧，亲爱的，”Bennet先生说，当伊丽莎白大声念出这句话的时候，“如果你的女儿生病了，如果她死了，那将是一种安慰，知道这一切都是为了追求宾利先生，并在你的命令下。”
“Oh! I am not afraid of her dying. People do not die of little trifling   colds. She will be taken good care of. As long as she stays there, it is   all very well. I would go and see her if I could have the carriage.”
“哦！我不怕她死去。人们不会死于轻微的感冒。她将受到很好的照顾。只要她呆在那里，一切都很好。如果我能有马车，我就去看她。”
Elizabeth, feeling really anxious, was determined to go to her, though the   carriage was not to be had; and as she was no horsewoman, walking was her   only alternative. She declared her resolution.
伊丽莎白，感觉真的很着急，决心去看看她，虽然没有马车；当她不会骑马，步行是她唯一的选择。她宣布了她的决心。
“How can you be so silly,” cried her mother, “as to think of such a thing,   in all this dirt! You will not be fit to be seen when you get there.”
“你怎么能这么傻呢？”她母亲嚷道，“想到这样的事，在这堆土里。”！到了那里，你就不适合被别人看见了。”
“I shall be very fit to see Jane—which is all I want.”
“我将非常适合去见简，这就是我想要的一切。”
“Is this a hint to me, Lizzy,” said her father, “to send for the horses?”
“这是一个暗示，我，Lizzy，”她的父亲说，“请马？“
“No, indeed, I do not wish to avoid the walk. The distance is nothing when   one has a motive; only three miles. I shall be back by dinner.”
“不，事实上，我不想避开散步。当一个人有动机时，距离只有三英里。我将在晚饭前回来。”
“I admire the activity of your benevolence,” observed Mary, “but every   impulse of feeling should be guided by reason; and, in my opinion,   exertion should always be in proportion to what is required.”
“我钦佩你的善行，”玛丽说，“但每一次冲动的冲动都应该以理智为指导，而在我看来，努力应该总是与所需的东西成比例。”
“We will go as far as Meryton with you,” said Catherine and Lydia.   Elizabeth accepted their company, and the three young ladies set off   together.
“我们就跟你去，”凯瑟琳说，丽迪雅。伊丽莎白接受了他们的陪伴，三个年轻的女士一起出发了。
“If we make haste,” said Lydia, as they walked along, “perhaps we may see   something of Captain Carter before he goes.”
“如果我们赶快，”丽迪雅一边走一边说，“也许我们可以在卡特船长走之前看到一些东西。”
In Meryton they parted; the two youngest repaired to the lodgings of one   of the officers’ wives, and Elizabeth continued her walk alone, crossing   field after field at a quick pace, jumping over stiles and springing over   puddles with impatient activity, and finding herself at last within view   of the house, with weary ankles, dirty stockings, and a face glowing with   the warmth of exercise.
在麦里屯他们分手了；两个最小的修复，一个军官太太，伊丽莎白继续她独自走，以很快的速度场后的交叉领域，跳过斯蒂尔斯和弹跳不耐烦的活性的水坑上，并发现自己在房子内，以疲倦的脚踝，脏袜子，和一个容光焕发的运动热情。
She was shown into the breakfast-parlour, where all but Jane were   assembled, and where her appearance created a great deal of surprise. That   she should have walked three miles so early in the day, in such dirty   weather, and by herself, was almost incredible to Mrs. Hurst and Miss   Bingley; and Elizabeth was convinced that they held her in contempt for   it. She was received, however, very politely by them; and in their   brother’s manners there was something better than politeness; there was   good humour and kindness. Mr. Darcy said very little, and Mr. Hurst   nothing at all. The former was divided between admiration of the   brilliancy which exercise had given to her complexion, and doubt as to the   occasion’s justifying her coming so far alone. The latter was thinking   only of his breakfast.
她被带进了早餐厅，除了简，所有的人都聚集在那里，她的出现引起了很大的惊讶。她在这么早的天气里走了三英里，在这样恶劣的天气里，独自一人，对Hurst太太和宾利小姐简直不可思议，伊丽莎白确信他们瞧不起她。然而，她却很有礼貌地接待了她，而在他们兄弟的举止中，有比礼貌更好的东西。达西先生说得很少，Hurst先生一点儿也不说。前者是将运动给她的肤色辉煌赞美之间，和怀疑之际，她一个人来这么远的理由。后者只想着他的早餐。
Her inquiries after her sister were not very favourably answered. Miss   Bennet had slept ill, and though up, was very feverish, and not well   enough to leave her room. Elizabeth was glad to be taken to her   immediately; and Jane, who had only been withheld by the fear of giving   alarm or inconvenience from expressing in her note how much she longed for   such a visit, was delighted at her entrance. She was not equal, however,   to much conversation, and when Miss Bingley left them together, could   attempt little besides expressions of gratitude for the extraordinary   kindness she was treated with. Elizabeth silently attended her.
她对她妹妹的询问没有得到很好的答复。Bennet小姐睡得不好，虽然起床了，但发烧得厉害，身体不好，不能离开她的房间。伊丽莎白很高兴被立即带到她身边，而简，由于害怕在她的便条中表达她多么渴望这样的来访而感到害怕或不便，她对她的到来感到很高兴。然而，她在谈话中并不平等，宾利小姐把他们留在一起的时候，除了对她所受到的特殊待遇表示感谢之外，她也不能再尝试了。伊丽莎白默默地陪伴着她。
When breakfast was over they were joined by the sisters; and Elizabeth   began to like them herself, when she saw how much affection and solicitude   they showed for Jane. The apothecary came, and having examined his   patient, said, as might be supposed, that she had caught a violent cold,   and that they must endeavour to get the better of it; advised her to   return to bed, and promised her some draughts. The advice was followed   readily, for the feverish symptoms increased, and her head ached acutely.   Elizabeth did not quit her room for a moment; nor were the other ladies   often absent; the gentlemen being out, they had, in fact, nothing to do   elsewhere.
当早餐结束的时候，她们和姐妹们在一起，当伊丽莎白看到她们对简的关爱和关怀时，她也开始喜欢上她们了。药剂师来了，并检查了病人的症状，说，可能应该，她伤风，而且他们必须努力起来；劝她去睡觉，并且给她一些跳棋。这个建议很快就被采纳了，因为发烧症状加重了，她的头剧烈疼痛。伊丽莎白一刻也没有离开她的房间，其他的女士也不常缺席，绅士们出去了，事实上，他们没有别的地方可以做。
When the clock struck three, Elizabeth felt that she must go, and very   unwillingly said so. Miss Bingley offered her the carriage, and she only   wanted a little pressing to accept it, when Jane testified such concern in   parting with her, that Miss Bingley was obliged to convert the offer of   the chaise to an invitation to remain at Netherfield for the present.   Elizabeth most thankfully consented, and a servant was dispatched to   Longbourn to acquaint the family with her stay and bring back a supply of   clothes.
钟敲了三下，伊丽莎白觉得她必须走了，非常不情愿地说。宾利小姐给她的马车，她只想要一点紧迫的接受它，当简证实此类担忧在离开的时候，宾利小姐不得不把马车的要约邀请的礼物留在Netherfield。伊丽莎白感激不尽地答应了，和一个仆人被派到Longbourn去了解家庭和她一起并带回一个供应的衣服。
Chapter 8
8章
At five o’clock the two ladies retired to dress, and at half-past six   Elizabeth was summoned to dinner. To the civil inquiries which then poured   in, and amongst which she had the pleasure of distinguishing the much   superior solicitude of Mr. Bingley’s, she could not make a very favourable   answer. Jane was by no means better. The sisters, on hearing this,   repeated three or four times how much they were grieved, how shocking it   was to have a bad cold, and how excessively they disliked being ill   themselves; and then thought no more of the matter: and their indifference   towards Jane when not immediately before them restored Elizabeth to the   enjoyment of all her former dislike.
五点，两位女士退休去穿衣服，六点半伊丽莎白被召去吃饭。对于随后涌入的民事调查，她很高兴能分辨出宾利先生的崇高关怀，但她却无法作出十分肯定的回答。简一点也不好。姐妹们，听到这，重复三或四次，他们是多么的伤心，有感冒是多么的震惊，以及如何过他们不喜欢生病的自己；然后以为没有更多的事：他们的冷漠，对简时不会立即在他们面前恢复伊丽莎白对她以前所有的不喜欢享受。
Their brother, indeed, was the only one of the party whom she could regard   with any complacency. His anxiety for Jane was evident, and his attentions   to herself most pleasing, and they prevented her feeling herself so much   an intruder as she believed she was considered by the others. She had very   little notice from any but him. Miss Bingley was engrossed by Mr. Darcy,   her sister scarcely less so; and as for Mr. Hurst, by whom Elizabeth sat,   he was an indolent man, who lived only to eat, drink, and play at cards;   who, when he found her to prefer a plain dish to a ragout, had nothing to   say to her.
事实上，他们的兄弟是她唯一能自鸣得意的政党。他对简的焦虑是显而易见的，他对自己的殷勤最为讨人喜欢，他们阻止她觉得自己是个不速之客，因为她相信别人会考虑她。除了他她几乎什么也没注意到。宾利小姐的心在达西先生，她的妹妹也几乎如此；至于Hurst先生，他就坐在伊丽莎白身旁，他是一个懒惰的人，活在世上就是为了吃、喝、玩纸牌；谁，当他发现她喜欢一个普通的菜炖肉，无话可说她。
When dinner was over, she returned directly to Jane, and Miss Bingley   began abusing her as soon as she was out of the room. Her manners were   pronounced to be very bad indeed, a mixture of pride and impertinence; she   had no conversation, no style, no beauty. Mrs. Hurst thought the same, and   added:
晚饭结束后，她直接回到简身边，宾利小姐一离开房间就开始虐待她。她的举止明显的确是很糟糕的，一个傲慢和无礼的混合物；没有风格，她没有谈话，没有美。Hurst太太也这么想，并加了一句：
“She has nothing, in short, to recommend her, but being an excellent   walker. I shall never forget her appearance this morning. She really   looked almost wild.”
简言之，她没有什么可以推荐她，而是一个优秀的步行者。我永远忘不了她今天早上的样子。她看起来简直是疯了。”
“She did, indeed, Louisa. I could hardly keep my countenance. Very   nonsensical to come at all! Why must she be scampering about the   country, because her sister had a cold? Her hair, so untidy, so blowsy!”
“的确如此，路易莎。我几乎忍不住脸色。根本没有意义！为什么她要奔跑的国家，因为她姐姐感冒了吗？她的头发，那么乱，那么邋遢！“
“Yes, and her petticoat; I hope you saw her petticoat, six inches deep in   mud, I am absolutely certain; and the gown which had been let down to hide   it not doing its office.”
“是的，和她的裙子；我希望你看到她的衬裙，六英寸深的泥浆，我绝对肯定；而礼服已经让隐藏它不在办公室。”
“Your picture may be very exact, Louisa,” said Bingley; “but this was all   lost upon me. I thought Miss Elizabeth Bennet looked remarkably well when   she came into the room this morning. Her dirty petticoat quite escaped my   notice.”
“你的照片可能非常准确，路易莎，”宾利说，“但这一切都落在我身上了。我想Elizabeth Bennet小姐今天早上走进房间时看上去很好。她的裙子脏了我完全没注意到。”
“You observed it, Mr. Darcy, I am sure,” said Miss Bingley; “and I   am inclined to think that you would not wish to see your sister   make such an exhibition.”
“你注意到了，达西先生，我敢肯定，”宾利小姐说，“而且我倾向于认为你不希望看到你妹妹做这样的展览。”
“Certainly not.”
“当然不会。”
“To walk three miles, or four miles, or five miles, or whatever it is,   above her ankles in dirt, and alone, quite alone! What could she mean by   it? It seems to me to show an abominable sort of conceited independence, a   most country-town indifference to decorum.”
“走三英里，或四英里，或五英里，无论是什么，在她脚踝上的泥土里，独自一人，独自一人！她说的是什么意思？我似乎看到令人讨厌的某种自以为是的独立，是乡下人不礼貌。”
“It shows an affection for her sister that is very pleasing,” said   Bingley.
宾利说：“这体现了她对妹妹的喜爱。
“I am afraid, Mr. Darcy,” observed Miss Bingley in a half whisper, “that   this adventure has rather affected your admiration of her fine eyes.”
“我怕，达西先生，”宾利小姐半含耳语地说，“这次冒险影响了你对她美丽眼睛的钦佩。”
“Not at all,” he replied; “they were brightened by the exercise.” A short   pause followed this speech, and Mrs. Hurst began again:
“一点也不，”他回答说，“他们被这项运动给照亮了。”在演讲结束后，Hurst夫人又开始了一段短暂的停顿：
“I have an excessive regard for Miss Jane Bennet, she is really a very   sweet girl, and I wish with all my heart she were well settled. But with   such a father and mother, and such low connections, I am afraid there is   no chance of it.”
“我太想念Jane Bennet小姐了，她真是个可爱的姑娘，我衷心希望她安顿下来。”。但是，有这样一个父亲和母亲，以及如此低的联系，恐怕没有机会了。”
“I think I have heard you say that their uncle is an attorney in Meryton.”
“我想我听到你说他们的叔叔是Meryton的律师。”
“Yes; and they have another, who lives somewhere near Cheapside.”
“是的；她们还有个舅舅住在齐普赛附近。”
“That is capital,” added her sister, and they both laughed heartily.
“那是资本，”她姐姐补充道，他们都开怀大笑。
“If they had uncles enough to fill all Cheapside,” cried Bingley,   “it would not make them one jot less agreeable.”
“如果他们叔叔足以填满所有齐普赛街，”宾利嚷道，“这不会让他们讨人”
“But it must very materially lessen their chance of marrying men of any   consideration in the world,” replied Darcy.
达西回答说：“但这肯定会极大地减少他们嫁给世界上任何一个男人的机会。”。
To this speech Bingley made no answer; but his sisters gave it their   hearty assent, and indulged their mirth for some time at the expense of   their dear friend’s vulgar relations.
宾利没有回答这个问题，但他的姐妹们给予了他们衷心的赞同，并纵容了他们的欢乐一段时间，以牺牲他们亲爱的朋友的庸俗关系。
With a renewal of tenderness, however, they returned to her room on   leaving the dining-parlour, and sat with her till summoned to coffee. She   was still very poorly, and Elizabeth would not quit her at all, till late   in the evening, when she had the comfort of seeing her sleep, and when it   seemed to her rather right than pleasant that she should go downstairs   herself. On entering the drawing-room she found the whole party at loo,   and was immediately invited to join them; but suspecting them to be   playing high she declined it, and making her sister the excuse, said she   would amuse herself for the short time she could stay below, with a book.   Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.
然而，随着一种温柔的恢复，他们离开了餐厅，回到她的房间，坐在她身边，直到被召唤去喝咖啡。她还很穷，伊丽莎白根本就不肯离开她，直到深夜，她看到她睡得很舒服，当她觉得自己很舒服的时候，她应该自己下楼去。进入客厅后，她在洗手间找到了整个聚会，并立即被邀请加入他们的行列；但是，怀疑他们演奏得很高，她拒绝了，并让她妹妹成为借口，说她会在一本书的短暂时间里自娱自乐。Hurst先生惊愕地看着她。
“Do you prefer reading to cards?” said he; “that is rather singular.”
“你喜欢看卡片吗？”他说：“那是相当奇特的。”
“Miss Eliza Bennet,” said Miss Bingley, “despises cards. She is a great   reader, and has no pleasure in anything else.”
“Eliza Bennet小姐，”宾利小姐说，“鄙视牌。她是一个伟大的读者，对任何事情都不感兴趣。”
“I deserve neither such praise nor such censure,” cried Elizabeth; “I am   not a great reader, and I have pleasure in many things.”
“我不应该得到这样的赞扬，也不应该受到这样的责难，”伊丽莎白喊道，“我不是一个伟大的读者，我在很多事情上都很快乐。”
“In nursing your sister I am sure you have pleasure,” said Bingley; “and I   hope it will be soon increased by seeing her quite well.”
“照顾你姐姐，我相信你一定很高兴，”宾利说，“我希望能很快见到她。”
Elizabeth thanked him from her heart, and then walked towards the table   where a few books were lying. He immediately offered to fetch her others—all   that his library afforded.
伊丽莎白从心里感激他，然后走到桌子旁边，那里有几本书在说谎。他立刻提出要把图书馆所有的东西都拿来给她。
“And I wish my collection were larger for your benefit and my own credit;   but I am an idle fellow, and though I have not many, I have more than I   ever looked into.”
“我希望我的收藏对你的利益和我自己的荣誉更大；但是我是一个游手好闲的人，虽然我没有很多，但我有比我更深入的研究。”
Elizabeth assured him that she could suit herself perfectly with those in   the room.
伊丽莎白向他保证她可以和房间里的人完美地相处。
“I am astonished,” said Miss Bingley, “that my father should have left so   small a collection of books. What a delightful library you have at   Pemberley, Mr. Darcy!”
“我很惊讶，”宾利小姐说，“我父亲应该留下这么多藏书。”。多么可爱的你在彭伯里的图书馆，达西先生！“
“It ought to be good,” he replied, “it has been the work of many   generations.”
“应该是好的，”他回答说，“这是许多代人的工作。”
“And then you have added so much to it yourself, you are always buying   books.”
“然后你自己也加了这么多，你总是在买书。”
“I cannot comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as   these.”
“我不能理解在这样的日子里忽视家庭图书馆的事。”
“Neglect! I am sure you neglect nothing that can add to the beauties of   that noble place. Charles, when you build your house, I wish it may   be half as delightful as Pemberley.”
“忽视！我相信你不会忽视任何能为那个高贵的地方增添美丽的东西。查尔斯，当你建立你的房子，我希望它可以像Pemberley一样愉快的一半。”
“I wish it may.”
“但愿如此。”
“But I would really advise you to make your purchase in that   neighbourhood, and take Pemberley for a kind of model. There is not a   finer county in England than Derbyshire.”
“但是我真的建议你在这附近让你购买，并把彭伯里的一种模型。没有一个比英国德比郡”。
“With all my heart; I will buy Pemberley itself if Darcy will sell it.”
“所有我的心；我会买庄园本身如果达西将它出售。”
“I am talking of possibilities, Charles.”
“我说的是可能性，查尔斯。”
“Upon my word, Caroline, I should think it more possible to get Pemberley   by purchase than by imitation.”
“我说，卡洛琳，我认为它更可能让Pemberley通过购买比的模仿。”
Elizabeth was so much caught with what passed, as to leave her very little   attention for her book; and soon laying it wholly aside, she drew near the   card-table, and stationed herself between Mr. Bingley and his eldest   sister, to observe the game.
伊丽莎白对所发生的事非常感兴趣，为了不让她注意她的书；很快把它完全放在一边，她走到牌桌旁，站在宾利先生和他的大姐中间，观察着游戏。
“Is Miss Darcy much grown since the spring?” said Miss Bingley; “will she   be as tall as I am?”
“达西小姐从春天就长出来了吗？”宾利小姐说，“她能跟我一样高吗？”“
“I think she will. She is now about Miss Elizabeth Bennet’s height, or   rather taller.”
“我想她会的。她现在大概是Elizabeth Bennet小姐的身高，或者更高些。
“How I long to see her again! I never met with anybody who delighted me so   much. Such a countenance, such manners! And so extremely accomplished for   her age! Her performance on the pianoforte is exquisite.”
“我多么渴望再见到她。”！我从未遇到过如此令我高兴的人。这样的表情，这种举止！对她的年龄来说是如此的完美！她在钢琴表演细腻。”
“It is amazing to me,” said Bingley, “how young ladies can have patience   to be so very accomplished as they all are.”
“对我来说真是太神奇了，”宾利说，“年轻的女士是多么有耐心，能像她们一样多才多艺。”
“All young ladies accomplished! My dear Charles, what do you mean?”
“所有的年轻女士都做到了！亲爱的查尔斯，你是什么意思？“
“Yes, all of them, I think. They all paint tables, cover screens, and net   purses. I scarcely know anyone who cannot do all this, and I am sure I   never heard a young lady spoken of for the first time, without being   informed that she was very accomplished.”
“是的，我想都是这样。”。他们都在油漆桌子、屏风和钱包。我几乎不知道谁不能做到这一切，我敢肯定，我从来没有听到一个年轻的女士说的第一次，没有被告知，她是非常成功的。
“Your list of the common extent of accomplishments,” said Darcy, “has too   much truth. The word is applied to many a woman who deserves it no   otherwise than by netting a purse or covering a screen. But I am very far   from agreeing with you in your estimation of ladies in general. I cannot   boast of knowing more than half-a-dozen, in the whole range of my   acquaintance, that are really accomplished.”
“你的共同成就的清单，”达西说，“有太多的真相。这个词适用于许多妇女，除非是用网包或遮盖屏风。但我完全不同意你对一般女士的评价。我不知道超过半打的吹嘘，在我所认识的范围内，这是真的完成了。”
“Nor I, I am sure,” said Miss Bingley.
“我也不相信，”宾利小姐说。
“Then,” observed Elizabeth, “you must comprehend a great deal in your idea   of an accomplished woman.”
“那么，”伊丽莎白说，“你一定很了解一个有成就的女人的想法。”
“Yes, I do comprehend a great deal in it.”
“是的，我确实理解了很多。”
“Oh! certainly,” cried his faithful assistant, “no one can be really   esteemed accomplished who does not greatly surpass what is usually met   with. A woman must have a thorough knowledge of music, singing, drawing,   dancing, and the modern languages, to deserve the word; and besides all   this, she must possess a certain something in her air and manner of   walking, the tone of her voice, her address and expressions, or the word   will be but half-deserved.”
“哦！“当然可以，”他的忠实的助手喊道，“没有人能真正得到杰出的成就，他不会大大超过通常所遇到的。”。女人必须对音乐、歌唱、绘画、舞蹈和现代语言有透彻的了解，才能得到这个词；除此之外，她还必须具备某种神态、风度、声音、住址和表情，否则这个词就只能算是应得的了。
“All this she must possess,” added Darcy, “and to all this she must yet   add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by   extensive reading.”
“所有这些她都必须拥有，”达西补充道，“为了这一切，她还必须通过更广泛的阅读来增加一些更充实的东西。”
“I am no longer surprised at your knowing only six accomplished   women. I rather wonder now at your knowing any.”
“我不再对你认识六个多才多艺的女人感到惊讶了。”。我现在很想知道你知道什么。”
“Are you so severe upon your own sex as to doubt the possibility of all   this?”
“你对自己的性别如此严厉以至于怀疑这一切的可能性吗？“
“I never saw such a woman. I never saw such capacity, and taste, and   application, and elegance, as you describe united.”
“我从没见过这样的女人。我从来没有见过这样的能力，品味，应用，和优雅，正如你形容曼联。
Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley both cried out against the injustice of her   implied doubt, and were both protesting that they knew many women who   answered this description, when Mr. Hurst called them to order, with   bitter complaints of their inattention to what was going forward. As all   conversation was thereby at an end, Elizabeth soon afterwards left the   room.
Hurst太太和宾利小姐都反对她那含蓄的怀疑的不公正，他们两人都抗议说，当Hurst先生叫他们点菜时，他们认识许多回答这个描述的女人，他们强烈地抱怨他们对未来的疏忽。由于所有的谈话就此结束，伊丽莎白很快就离开了房间。
“Elizabeth Bennet,” said Miss Bingley, when the door was closed on her,   “is one of those young ladies who seek to recommend themselves to the   other sex by undervaluing their own; and with many men, I dare say, it   succeeds. But, in my opinion, it is a paltry device, a very mean art.”
“Elizabeth Bennet，”宾利小姐说，当她关上车门，“是一个年轻的女士去推荐自己的其他性的低估自己；有很多人，我敢说，它的成功。但是，在我看来，这是一个微不足道的设备，一个非常卑鄙的艺术。”
“Undoubtedly,” replied Darcy, to whom this remark was chiefly addressed,   “there is a meanness in all the arts which ladies sometimes   condescend to employ for captivation. Whatever bears affinity to cunning   is despicable.”
“毫无疑问，”达西回答说，他这几句话是解决，“在所有的艺术，女士们有吝啬有时屈尊用来迷惑。凡是与狡猾有关联的东西都是可鄙的。”
Miss Bingley was not so entirely satisfied with this reply as to continue   the subject.
宾利小姐对这个答复不太满意，继续讲下去。
Elizabeth joined them again only to say that her sister was worse, and   that she could not leave her. Bingley urged Mr. Jones being sent for   immediately; while his sisters, convinced that no country advice could be   of any service, recommended an express to town for one of the most eminent   physicians. This she would not hear of; but she was not so unwilling to   comply with their brother’s proposal; and it was settled that Mr. Jones   should be sent for early in the morning, if Miss Bennet were not decidedly   better. Bingley was quite uncomfortable; his sisters declared that they   were miserable. They solaced their wretchedness, however, by duets after   supper, while he could find no better relief to his feelings than by   giving his housekeeper directions that every attention might be paid to   the sick lady and her sister.
伊丽莎白又加入了他们，只是说她的姐姐更坏了，她不能离开她。宾利敦促琼斯先生立即被派去，而他的姐妹们确信没有任何国家的建议可以提供任何服务，于是建议他到城里去做一位最杰出的医生。这是她不愿意听到的，但她不愿意顺从他们兄弟的提议，琼斯先生如果不比Bennet好的话，早就派人去叫她了。宾利很不自在，他的姐妹们说他们很悲惨。他们忘掉了他们的悲伤，然而，在晚餐后的二重唱，而他还没找到更好的缓解他的感情比给他的管家，各方面都要重视生病的太太和她妹妹。
Chapter 9
9章
Elizabeth passed the chief of the night in her sister’s room, and in the   morning had the pleasure of being able to send a tolerable answer to the   inquiries which she very early received from Mr. Bingley by a housemaid,   and some time afterwards from the two elegant ladies who waited on his   sisters. In spite of this amendment, however, she requested to have a note   sent to Longbourn, desiring her mother to visit Jane, and form her own   judgement of her situation. The note was immediately dispatched, and its   contents as quickly complied with. Mrs. Bennet, accompanied by her two   youngest girls, reached Netherfield soon after the family breakfast.
伊丽莎白在她姐姐的房间半夜首席，在早晨就派一个答案，她很早就收到了宾利先生的女仆的查询的乐趣，然后从两个优雅的女士们谁等待他的姐妹们一些时间。然而在这项修正案，尽管如此，她希望派人到Longbourn，要她的妈妈来看望简，并形成自己的判断自己的情况。这张条子立即被送去，内容很快就照办了。Bennet夫人，伴随着她的两个年轻的女孩，到Netherfield家庭早餐后不久。
Had she found Jane in any apparent danger, Mrs. Bennet would have been   very miserable; but being satisfied on seeing her that her illness was not   alarming, she had no wish of her recovering immediately, as her   restoration to health would probably remove her from Netherfield. She   would not listen, therefore, to her daughter’s proposal of being carried   home; neither did the apothecary, who arrived about the same time, think   it at all advisable. After sitting a little while with Jane, on Miss   Bingley’s appearance and invitation, the mother and three daughters all   attended her into the breakfast parlour. Bingley met them with hopes that   Mrs. Bennet had not found Miss Bennet worse than she expected.
她发现简在任何明显的危险，Bennet夫人会很痛苦；但是一看到她，她的病是不令人满意，她不希望她立即恢复，当她恢复健康可能会把她从Netherfield。她听不到，因此，要回家时她女儿的建议；也没有药剂师，谁到差不多的时候，认为这是明智的。与简坐了一会儿，在宾利小姐的外表和邀请下，母亲和三个女儿都陪她进了早餐室。宾利遇到了他们，希望Bennet太太没有发现Bennet小姐比她预料的更糟。
“Indeed I have, sir,” was her answer. “She is a great deal too ill to be   moved. Mr. Jones says we must not think of moving her. We must trespass a   little longer on your kindness.”
“真的，先生，”她回答道。“她病得太重了，动不了。”。琼斯先生说我们不能想搬家。你的好意我们必须再多干一会儿。”
“Removed!” cried Bingley. “It must not be thought of. My sister, I am   sure, will not hear of her removal.”
“删除！宾利喊道。“绝不能想到。我姐姐肯定不会听到她被搬走的消息。”
“You may depend upon it, Madam,” said Miss Bingley, with cold civility,   “that Miss Bennet will receive every possible attention while she remains   with us.”
“夫人，你可以放心，”宾利小姐冷淡地说，“Bennet小姐在我们身边时会受到一切注意的。”
Mrs. Bennet was profuse in her acknowledgments.
Bennet太太在她确认丰富。
“I am sure,” she added, “if it was not for such good friends I do not know   what would become of her, for she is very ill indeed, and suffers a vast   deal, though with the greatest patience in the world, which is always the   way with her, for she has, without exception, the sweetest temper I have   ever met with. I often tell my other girls they are nothing to her.   You have a sweet room here, Mr. Bingley, and a charming prospect over the   gravel walk. I do not know a place in the country that is equal to   Netherfield. You will not think of quitting it in a hurry, I hope, though   you have but a short lease.”
“我敢肯定，”她补充道，“如果不是因为这样的好朋友，我不知道她会变成什么样子，因为她确实病得很厉害，而且忍受着极大的痛苦，尽管世界上有极大的耐心，这对她来说总是一种方式，因为她无一例外地是我见过的最温柔的脾气。我经常告诉我的其他女孩，他们对她毫无意义。宾利先生，你在这里有一间甜美的房间，在砾石小径上有迷人的景色。我不知道在乡村的一个地方，等于Netherfield。我希望你不要急着放弃，尽管你只能有一个短期租约。
“Whatever I do is done in a hurry,” replied he; “and therefore if I should   resolve to quit Netherfield, I should probably be off in five minutes. At   present, however, I consider myself as quite fixed here.”
“我无论做什么都是匆忙完成的，”他回答道；“如果我应该下决心离开Netherfield，我应该在五分钟。然而，目前我认为自己已经完全固定下来了。”
“That is exactly what I should have supposed of you,” said Elizabeth.
“这正是我应该对你的看法，”伊丽莎白说。
“You begin to comprehend me, do you?” cried he, turning towards her.
“你开始理解我了，是吗？他向她转过身来叫道。
“Oh! yes—I understand you perfectly.”
“Oh! 我完全了解你。”
“I wish I might take this for a compliment; but to be so easily seen   through I am afraid is pitiful.”
“我希望我能把这个当作恭维话，但这么容易被看穿，恐怕是可怜的。”
“That is as it happens. It does not follow that a deep, intricate   character is more or less estimable than such a one as yours.”
“正是如此。这并不意味着深，复杂的性格是更多或更少的可比你这样的人。”
“Lizzy,” cried her mother, “remember where you are, and do not run on in   the wild manner that you are suffered to do at home.”
“Lizzy，”她妈妈喊道，“记得你在哪里，不要跑在野外的方式，你是受在家做。”
“I did not know before,” continued Bingley immediately, “that you were a   studier of character. It must be an amusing study.”
“我以前不知道的，”继续宾利立即，“你是个性格研究专家。这一定是一个有趣的研究。”
“Yes, but intricate characters are the most amusing. They have at   least that advantage.”
是的，但复杂的人物最有趣。他们至少有这样的优势。”
“The country,” said Darcy, “can in general supply but a few subjects for   such a study. In a country neighbourhood you move in a very confined and   unvarying society.”
“这个国家，”达西说，“大体上可以提供这样一个研究的几个主题。你在乡下非常局限和不变的社会。”
“But people themselves alter so much, that there is something new to be   observed in them for ever.”
“但是人们自己改变了这么多，他们永远都会看到一些新的东西。”
“Yes, indeed,” cried Mrs. Bennet, offended by his manner of mentioning a   country neighbourhood. “I assure you there is quite as much of that   going on in the country as in town.”
“是的，的确是这样，”Bennet太太嚷道，因为他提起乡村邻居的方式而生气。“我向你保证，全国上下发生的事情和城里一样多。”
Everybody was surprised, and Darcy, after looking at her for a moment,   turned silently away. Mrs. Bennet, who fancied she had gained a complete   victory over him, continued her triumph.
大家都很惊讶，达西看了她一会儿，就默默地走开了。Bennet太太以为她已完全战胜了他，继续她的胜利。
“I cannot see that London has any great advantage over the country, for my   part, except the shops and public places. The country is a vast deal   pleasanter, is it not, Mr. Bingley?”
“除了伦敦的商店和公共场所外，我看不出中国在这个国家有什么优势。”。中国是一个巨大的交易场所，是吗，宾利先生？“
“When I am in the country,” he replied, “I never wish to leave it; and   when I am in town it is pretty much the same. They have each their   advantages, and I can be equally happy in either.”
“当我在乡下的时候，”他回答说，“我决不想离开它，当我在城里的时候，它几乎是一样的。”。他们各有各的优点，我也同样快乐。”
“Aye—that is because you have the right disposition. But that   gentleman,” looking at Darcy, “seemed to think the country was nothing at   all.”
是的，那是因为你有正确的性格。但是那个绅士，“看着达西，”似乎认为这个国家什么都不是。
“Indeed, Mamma, you are mistaken,” said Elizabeth, blushing for her   mother. “You quite mistook Mr. Darcy. He only meant that there was not   such a variety of people to be met with in the country as in the town,   which you must acknowledge to be true.”
“真的，妈妈，你弄错了，”伊丽莎白为母亲脸红了。“你完全误解了达西先生的意思。他只不过是说在乡下没有像在城里遇到的那样多的人，你必须承认这是真的。
“Certainly, my dear, nobody said there were; but as to not meeting with   many people in this neighbourhood, I believe there are few neighbourhoods   larger. I know we dine with four-and-twenty families.”
“当然，亲爱的，没有人说有，但为了不与这个地区的许多人见面，我相信没有几个街区更大。我知道我们和四个和二十个家庭一起吃饭。”
Nothing but concern for Elizabeth could enable Bingley to keep his   countenance. His sister was less delicate, and directed her eyes towards   Mr. Darcy with a very expressive smile. Elizabeth, for the sake of saying   something that might turn her mother’s thoughts, now asked her if   Charlotte Lucas had been at Longbourn since her coming away.
只有关心伊丽莎白才能使宾利保持他的面容。他的妹妹不那么娇嫩，用一种意味深长的微笑向达西先生望去。伊丽莎白说，对于有可能把她母亲的思想的缘故，现在问她如果她离开之后Charlotte Lucas就一直在Longbourn。
“Yes, she called yesterday with her father. What an agreeable man Sir   William is, Mr. Bingley, is not he? So much the man of fashion! So genteel   and easy! He has always something to say to everybody. That is my   idea of good breeding; and those persons who fancy themselves very   important, and never open their mouths, quite mistake the matter.”
“是的，她昨天和她父亲打过电话。威廉先生是个多么和蔼可亲的人，宾利先生，不是吗？时装界的人真多！所以，优雅的和容易的！他总是有话要对大家说。这是我的好教养的想法，那些认为自己很重要，从来不开口的人，完全错了。
“Did Charlotte dine with you?”
“Charlotte dine和你在一起吗？“
“No, she would go home. I fancy she was wanted about the mince-pies. For   my part, Mr. Bingley, I always keep servants that can do their own work;   my daughters are brought up very differently. But everybody is to   judge for themselves, and the Lucases are a very good sort of girls, I   assure you. It is a pity they are not handsome! Not that I think Charlotte   so very plain—but then she is our particular friend.”
“不，她会回家的。”。我想她要吃肉馅饼。就我而言，宾利先生，我总是保留能做自己工作的仆人；我的女儿抚养非常不同。但每个人都是自己判断，而不是一个好女孩，我向你保证。可惜他们不帅！不是我认为夏洛特很简单，而是她是我们特别的朋友。
“She seems a very pleasant young woman.”
“她似乎是个非常讨人喜欢的年轻女子。”
“Oh! dear, yes; but you must own she is very plain. Lady Lucas herself has   often said so, and envied me Jane’s beauty. I do not like to boast of my   own child, but to be sure, Jane—one does not often see anybody   better looking. It is what everybody says. I do not trust my own   partiality. When she was only fifteen, there was a man at my brother   Gardiner’s in town so much in love with her that my sister-in-law was sure   he would make her an offer before we came away. But, however, he did not.   Perhaps he thought her too young. However, he wrote some verses on her,   and very pretty they were.”
“哦！亲爱的，是的，但你必须承认她很平凡。Lady Lucas本人常这样说，又羡慕我简的美貌。我不喜欢夸耀我自己的孩子，但肯定的是，简并不经常看到任何人看起来更好。这是大家所说的。我不相信自己的偏心。当她只有十五岁的时候，我哥哥加德纳在镇上有一个男人非常爱她，我的嫂子确信她会在我们离开之前给她一个提议。但是，他却没有。也许他认为她太年轻了。然而，他写了一些诗给她，而且非常漂亮。
“And so ended his affection,” said Elizabeth impatiently. “There has been   many a one, I fancy, overcome in the same way. I wonder who first   discovered the efficacy of poetry in driving away love!”
“这样结束了他的感情，”伊丽莎白不耐烦地说。“我想有很多这样的人，以同样的方式被征服。”。我想知道谁首先发现了诗歌在驱走爱情中的功效！“
“I have been used to consider poetry as the food of love,” said   Darcy.
“我习惯于认为诗歌是爱情的食物，”达西说。
“Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is   strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am   convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away.”
“这是一种美好、健壮、健康的爱情。”。万物滋养坚强的东西。但如果这只是一种轻微的、稀薄的倾向，我相信一首好的十四行诗会完全把它饿死。
Darcy only smiled; and the general pause which ensued made Elizabeth   tremble lest her mother should be exposing herself again. She longed to   speak, but could think of nothing to say; and after a short silence Mrs.   Bennet began repeating her thanks to Mr. Bingley for his kindness to Jane,   with an apology for troubling him also with Lizzy. Mr. Bingley was   unaffectedly civil in his answer, and forced his younger sister to be   civil also, and say what the occasion required. She performed her part   indeed without much graciousness, but Mrs. Bennet was satisfied, and soon   afterwards ordered her carriage. Upon this signal, the youngest of her   daughters put herself forward. The two girls had been whispering to each   other during the whole visit, and the result of it was, that the youngest   should tax Mr. Bingley with having promised on his first coming into the   country to give a ball at Netherfield.
达西只笑了一下，接着是一般的停顿，伊丽莎白吓得发抖，生怕她的母亲再次暴露自己。她想说话，但不知说什么好；和短暂的沉默Bennet夫人开始重复她感谢宾利先生的好意给简后，道歉打扰他也与Lizzy。宾利先生是自然的公民在他的回答中，并迫使他妹妹是公务员，说什么要求的场合。她的表演并不十分自然，但Bennet太太很满意，很快便叫她的马车。在这个信号下，她最小的女儿把自己向前推进。两个女孩一直交头接耳的整个访问期间，和它的结果，那最小的应税宾利先生曾答应在他第一次进入该国在Netherfield给一个球。
Lydia was a stout, well-grown girl of fifteen, with a fine complexion and   good-humoured countenance; a favourite with her mother, whose affection   had brought her into public at an early age. She had high animal spirits,   and a sort of natural self-consequence, which the attention of the   officers, to whom her uncle’s good dinners, and her own easy manners   recommended her, had increased into assurance. She was very equal,   therefore, to address Mr. Bingley on the subject of the ball, and abruptly   reminded him of his promise; adding, that it would be the most shameful   thing in the world if he did not keep it. His answer to this sudden attack   was delightful to their mother’s ear:
丽迪雅是个粗壮，生长良好的十五岁的女孩，一个好的肤色和和善的面容；一个与她母亲最喜欢的，他们的感情已经把她带到公众在早期的年龄。她有很高的动物精神，还有一种自然的自我后果，她叔叔的好晚餐和她自己轻松的举止给她推荐的军官们的注意力已经提高到了保证。因此，她非常公正地向宾利先生讲述舞会的问题，并突然提醒了他他的诺言，并补充道，如果他不遵守诺言，那将是世界上最可耻的事。他对这突如其来的攻击的回答对他们母亲的耳朵来说是令人愉快的：
“I am perfectly ready, I assure you, to keep my engagement; and when your   sister is recovered, you shall, if you please, name the very day of the   ball. But you would not wish to be dancing when she is ill.”
“我完全准备好了，我向你保证，保持我的婚约；当你妹妹康复后，请你说出舞会的那天。”。但她生病的时候，你不想跳舞。”
Lydia declared herself satisfied. “Oh! yes—it would be much better   to wait till Jane was well, and by that time most likely Captain Carter   would be at Meryton again. And when you have given your ball,” she   added, “I shall insist on their giving one also. I shall tell Colonel   Forster it will be quite a shame if he does not.”
丽迪雅宣称自己很满意。“哦！是的它可能更好，等到简好了，这时最有可能会在麦里屯了卡特上尉。“当你把你的球给了，”她补充道，“我会坚持给他们一个。我要告诉福斯特上校，如果他不这样做，那就太可惜了。”
Mrs. Bennet and her daughters then departed, and Elizabeth returned   instantly to Jane, leaving her own and her relations’ behaviour to the   remarks of the two ladies and Mr. Darcy; the latter of whom, however,   could not be prevailed on to join in their censure of her, in spite   of all Miss Bingley’s witticisms on fine eyes.
Bennet夫人和她的女儿走了，伊丽莎白立刻回到简，让她自己和她的关系的行为的两个女士和达西先生的言论；其中，后者却无法说服加入他们的指责她，在所有宾利小姐的俏皮话对美丽的眼睛尽管。
Chapter 10
10章
The day passed much as the day before had done. Mrs. Hurst and Miss   Bingley had spent some hours of the morning with the invalid, who   continued, though slowly, to mend; and in the evening Elizabeth joined   their party in the drawing-room. The loo-table, however, did not appear.   Mr. Darcy was writing, and Miss Bingley, seated near him, was watching the   progress of his letter and repeatedly calling off his attention by   messages to his sister. Mr. Hurst and Mr. Bingley were at piquet, and Mrs.   Hurst was observing their game.
这一天过得和前一天一样。上午，Hurst太太和宾利小姐和病人一起度过了几个小时，病人尽管慢慢地来修补，但还是在晚上，伊丽莎白在客厅里参加了他们的聚会。然而，洗手间的桌子没有出现。达西先生正在写信，坐在他旁边的宾利小姐正在看他的信的进展情况，并通过向他妹妹的留言一再地引起他的注意。Hurst先生和宾利先生在皮奎特，Hurst太太是观察他们的游戏。
Elizabeth took up some needlework, and was sufficiently amused in   attending to what passed between Darcy and his companion. The perpetual   commendations of the lady, either on his handwriting, or on the evenness   of his lines, or on the length of his letter, with the perfect unconcern   with which her praises were received, formed a curious dialogue, and was   exactly in union with her opinion of each.
伊丽莎白拿起针线活，和足够兴趣参加什么达西和他的同伴之间传递。女士的永久的嘉奖，无论是他的书法，或对他的线的均匀度，或对他的信的长度，以完美的冷漠，受到赞扬她，形成一个奇特的对话，而正是在结合她的意见各。
“How delighted Miss Darcy will be to receive such a letter!”
达西小姐接到这样的信，真是太高兴了！“
He made no answer.
他不作声。
“You write uncommonly fast.”
“你写的真快。”
“You are mistaken. I write rather slowly.”
“你弄错了。我写得相当慢。
“How many letters you must have occasion to write in the course of a year!   Letters of business, too! How odious I should think them!”
“一年中你要写多少封信？！商务信函！多么可恶的我想他们！“
“It is fortunate, then, that they fall to my lot instead of yours.”
“幸运的是，它们落到我的身上而不是你的身上。”
“Pray tell your sister that I long to see her.”
“请告诉你姐姐我渴望见到她。”
“I have already told her so once, by your desire.”
“我已经告诉过她一次，根据你的愿望。”
“I am afraid you do not like your pen. Let me mend it for you. I mend pens   remarkably well.”
“恐怕你不喜欢你的钢笔。”。让我帮你修理一下。我修钢笔非常好。”
“Thank you—but I always mend my own.”
“谢谢你，但我总是自己修理。”
“How can you contrive to write so even?”
“你怎么写得那么整齐吗？“
He was silent.
他沉默了。
“Tell your sister I am delighted to hear of her improvement on the harp;   and pray let her know that I am quite in raptures with her beautiful   little design for a table, and I think it infinitely superior to Miss   Grantley’s.”
“告诉你姐姐，我很高兴听到她的竖琴改进；祈祷让她知道我很喜爱她的美丽的小设计一个表，我认为它比Grantley小姐的“无限
“Will you give me leave to defer your raptures till I write again? At   present I have not room to do them justice.”
“你会给我延后你的狂喜直到我再写吗？目前，我没有做他们的正义的空间。”
“Oh! it is of no consequence. I shall see her in January. But do you   always write such charming long letters to her, Mr. Darcy?”
“哦！这是无关紧要的。我将在一月见到她。达西先生，你总是给她写这么动人的长信吗？“
“They are generally long; but whether always charming it is not for me to   determine.”
“它们一般都很长，但是否总是迷人的，这不是我能决定的。”
“It is a rule with me, that a person who can write a long letter with   ease, cannot write ill.”
“我的习惯是，一个能轻松地写一封长信的人，是不会写病的。”
“That will not do for a compliment to Darcy, Caroline,” cried her brother,   “because he does not write with ease. He studies too much for words   of four syllables. Do not you, Darcy?”
“这对恭维达西是不行的，卡洛琳，”她哥哥叫道，“因为他写得不轻松。他为四个音节的单词学习太多。你不是吗，达西？“
“My style of writing is very different from yours.”
“我的写作风格和你的很不一样。”
“Oh!” cried Miss Bingley, “Charles writes in the most careless way   imaginable. He leaves out half his words, and blots the rest.”
“哦！宾利小姐叫道，“查尔斯用最粗心的方式写作。他把一半的话都漏掉了，其余的都涂上了污点。
“My ideas flow so rapidly that I have not time to express them—by   which means my letters sometimes convey no ideas at all to my   correspondents.”
“我的想法流动得如此之快，以至于我没有时间去表达它们，这意味着我的信件有时对我的记者们毫无任何想法。”
“Your humility, Mr. Bingley,” said Elizabeth, “must disarm reproof.”
“你的谦逊，宾利先生，”伊丽莎白说，“必须解除武装的责备。”
“Nothing is more deceitful,” said Darcy, “than the appearance of humility.   It is often only carelessness of opinion, and sometimes an indirect   boast.”
达西说：“没有什么比外表谦卑更虚伪的了。”。这往往只是意见上的疏忽，有时是间接的自夸。”
“And which of the two do you call my little recent piece of   modesty?”
“这两个人中哪一个叫我最近的谦虚？”“
“The indirect boast; for you are really proud of your defects in writing,   because you consider them as proceeding from a rapidity of thought and   carelessness of execution, which, if not estimable, you think at least   highly interesting. The power of doing anything with quickness is always   prized much by the possessor, and often without any attention to the   imperfection of the performance. When you told Mrs. Bennet this morning   that if you ever resolved upon quitting Netherfield you should be gone in   five minutes, you meant it to be a sort of panegyric, of compliment to   yourself—and yet what is there so very laudable in a precipitance   which must leave very necessary business undone, and can be of no real   advantage to yourself or anyone else?”
“自夸；因为你是真的你的缺陷为写作，因为你认为他们是从一个思想敏捷是执行，如果不可，你想至少非常有趣。做事敏捷的能力总是受到占有者的极大重视，而且往往没有注意到表现的不完美。当你告诉Bennet太太今天早上，如果你决定离开Netherfield，你应该走了五分钟，你的意思是这是一种赞美，恭维自己，但这有什么值得赞美的鲁莽，必须离开非常必要的业务做，可以给自己或任何人还没有真正的优势？“
“Nay,” cried Bingley, “this is too much, to remember at night all the   foolish things that were said in the morning. And yet, upon my honour, I   believe what I said of myself to be true, and I believe it at this moment.   At least, therefore, I did not assume the character of needless   precipitance merely to show off before the ladies.”
“不，”宾利叫道，“这太过分了，在晚上记住了早晨所说的一切愚蠢的事情。”。然而，以我的名誉，我相信我对自己说的是真的，我现在相信这一点。至少，因此，我不承担不必要的鲁莽的性格只是在小姐们面前炫耀。”
“I dare say you believed it; but I am by no means convinced that you would   be gone with such celerity. Your conduct would be quite as dependent on   chance as that of any man I know; and if, as you were mounting your horse,   a friend were to say, ‘Bingley, you had better stay till next week,’ you   would probably do it, you would probably not go—and at another word,   might stay a month.”
“我敢说你相信它；但我不相信你会离开这样的快速。你的行为和我所认识的任何人一样，都依赖于机会；如果你正在上马，一个朋友会说，‘宾利，你最好呆到下个星期’，你可能会这样做，你可能不会去，换句话说，可能会呆一个月。”
“You have only proved by this,” cried Elizabeth, “that Mr. Bingley did not   do justice to his own disposition. You have shown him off now much more   than he did himself.”
“你只是证明了这一点，”伊丽莎白喊道，“宾利先生没有公正地对待自己的性格。你现在比他自己表现的要多了。”
“I am exceedingly gratified,” said Bingley, “by your converting what my   friend says into a compliment on the sweetness of my temper. But I am   afraid you are giving it a turn which that gentleman did by no means   intend; for he would certainly think better of me, if under such a   circumstance I were to give a flat denial, and ride off as fast as I   could.”
“我非常高兴，”宾利说，“你把我朋友说的话变成恭维我脾气的甜蜜。但恐怕你是在给那个绅士一个转身，不是故意的，因为他肯定会想我的，如果在这样的情况下，我会断然否认，然后骑得越快越好。
“Would Mr. Darcy then consider the rashness of your original intentions as   atoned for by your obstinacy in adhering to it?”
“达西先生再考虑你的初衷就鲁莽为你的固执坚持呢？“
“Upon my word, I cannot exactly explain the matter; Darcy must speak for   himself.”
“依我看，我不能确切地解释这件事，达西必须亲自发言。”
“You expect me to account for opinions which you choose to call mine, but   which I have never acknowledged. Allowing the case, however, to stand   according to your representation, you must remember, Miss Bennet, that the   friend who is supposed to desire his return to the house, and the delay of   his plan, has merely desired it, asked it without offering one argument in   favour of its propriety.”
“你希望我解释你选择我的观点，但我从来没有承认过。然而，允许这种情况，根据你的代表，你必须记住，Bennet小姐，那个希望他回到家里的朋友，他计划的延迟只是想得到它，没有提出一个赞成它的礼节的理由。
“To yield readily—easily—to the persuasion of a friend   is no merit with you.”
“轻易地屈服于朋友的劝说，这不是你的功劳。”
“To yield without conviction is no compliment to the understanding of   either.”
“毫无信仰地屈服，并不是对两者的理解。”
“You appear to me, Mr. Darcy, to allow nothing for the influence of   friendship and affection. A regard for the requester would often make one   readily yield to a request, without waiting for arguments to reason one   into it. I am not particularly speaking of such a case as you have   supposed about Mr. Bingley. We may as well wait, perhaps, till the   circumstance occurs before we discuss the discretion of his behaviour   thereupon. But in general and ordinary cases between friend and friend,   where one of them is desired by the other to change a resolution of no   very great moment, should you think ill of that person for complying with   the desire, without waiting to be argued into it?”
达西先生，你对我的友谊和感情的影响是不容忽视的。对请求者的尊重常常使人欣然接受请求，而不必等待理由使其成为理由。我对你所说的宾利先生的这种情况，并不是特别说的。我们不妨等到情况发生后再讨论他的决定。但在一般情况下，朋友和朋友之间的普通情况下，其中一个是另一方渴望改变一个不太伟大的时刻，你是否应该认为那个人违背了愿望，而不等待讨论？“
“Will it not be advisable, before we proceed on this subject, to arrange   with rather more precision the degree of importance which is to appertain   to this request, as well as the degree of intimacy subsisting between the   parties?”
“它不会是明智的，在我们继续这一主题，安排更精密的重要性是属于这一要求的程度，以及当事人之间的亲密关系存续的程度呢？“
“By all means,” cried Bingley; “let us hear all the particulars, not   forgetting their comparative height and size; for that will have more   weight in the argument, Miss Bennet, than you may be aware of. I assure   you, that if Darcy were not such a great tall fellow, in comparison with   myself, I should not pay him half so much deference. I declare I do not   know a more awful object than Darcy, on particular occasions, and in   particular places; at his own house especially, and of a Sunday evening,   when he has nothing to do.”
“无论如何，”宾利叫道，“让我们听听所有的细节，不要忘了它们的相对高度和大小，因为这在辩论中会比你所知道的更为重要，Bennet小姐。我向你保证，如果达西不是那么高大的人，与我相比，我不应该付他一半的尊敬。我声明我不知道比达西更可怕的东西，特别是在某些场合，特别是在他自己的家里，尤其是在星期日晚上，当他无事可干的时候。
Mr. Darcy smiled; but Elizabeth thought she could perceive that he was   rather offended, and therefore checked her laugh. Miss Bingley warmly   resented the indignity he had received, in an expostulation with her   brother for talking such nonsense.
达西先生笑了笑，但伊丽莎白觉得她能觉察到他很生气，于是就不笑了。宾利小姐热情地对他所受的侮辱，在一个叫她哥哥说这些废话。
“I see your design, Bingley,” said his friend. “You dislike an argument,   and want to silence this.”
“我明白你的设计，宾利，”他的朋友说。“你不喜欢争论，想沉默。”
“Perhaps I do. Arguments are too much like disputes. If you and Miss   Bennet will defer yours till I am out of the room, I shall be very   thankful; and then you may say whatever you like of me.”
“也许我会。争论太像争论。如果你和Bennet小姐能把你的话推迟到我离开房间，我会非常感激的，然后你可以说你喜欢我的任何话。
“What you ask,” said Elizabeth, “is no sacrifice on my side; and Mr. Darcy   had much better finish his letter.”
“你问什么，”伊丽莎白说，“我这边没有牺牲，达西先生最好把信写完。”
Mr. Darcy took her advice, and did finish his letter.
达西先生采纳了她的建议，把信写完了。
When that business was over, he applied to Miss Bingley and Elizabeth for   an indulgence of some music. Miss Bingley moved with some alacrity to the   pianoforte; and, after a polite request that Elizabeth would lead the way   which the other as politely and more earnestly negatived, she seated   herself.
那次生意结束后，他向宾利小姐和伊丽莎白申请了一些音乐的放纵。宾利小姐搬一些活泼的钢琴；和，后一个有礼貌的请求，请伊丽莎白带头，其他为礼貌、更认真了，她坐在。
Mrs. Hurst sang with her sister, and while they were thus employed,   Elizabeth could not help observing, as she turned over some music-books   that lay on the instrument, how frequently Mr. Darcy’s eyes were fixed on   her. She hardly knew how to suppose that she could be an object of   admiration to so great a man; and yet that he should look at her because   he disliked her, was still more strange. She could only imagine, however,   at last that she drew his notice because there was something more wrong   and reprehensible, according to his ideas of right, than in any other   person present. The supposition did not pain her. She liked him too little   to care for his approbation.
Hurst夫人和她姐姐一起唱歌，当他们被雇用时，伊丽莎白禁不住看了看书上的一些音乐书，达西先生的眼睛盯着她看得有多频繁。她几乎不知道怎样才能使她成为如此伟大的男人的崇拜对象；然而，因为他不喜欢她，他应该看着她，更奇怪。她只能想象，然而，最后，她把自己的通知，因为有更多的错误和应受谴责的事，按照自己的想法是正确的，比其他任何人。这个假设并没有使她痛苦。她太喜欢他了，不在乎他的赞许。
After playing some Italian songs, Miss Bingley varied the charm by a   lively Scotch air; and soon afterwards Mr. Darcy, drawing near Elizabeth,   said to her:
在演奏了一些意大利歌曲之后，宾利小姐用一种活泼的苏格兰空气改变了魅力；不久之后，达西先生走近伊丽莎白，对她说：
“Do not you feel a great inclination, Miss Bennet, to seize such an   opportunity of dancing a reel?”
“Bennet小姐，难道你不想抓住这样一个跳舞的机会吗？”“
She smiled, but made no answer. He repeated the question, with some   surprise at her silence.
她笑了笑，没有回答。他重复了这个问题，对她的沉默有些吃惊。
“Oh!” said she, “I heard you before, but I could not immediately determine   what to say in reply. You wanted me, I know, to say ‘Yes,’ that you might   have the pleasure of despising my taste; but I always delight in   overthrowing those kind of schemes, and cheating a person of their   premeditated contempt. I have, therefore, made up my mind to tell you,   that I do not want to dance a reel at all—and now despise me if you   dare.”
“哦！她说：“我以前听过你的话，但我不能马上决定回答什么。我知道你想我，，说“是的，”那你就会蔑视我的味觉快感；但我总是喜欢推翻这样的方案，和欺骗他们有预谋的蔑视的人。因此，我下定决心要告诉你，我根本不想跳一盘舞，如果你敢的话，现在就看不起我。
“Indeed I do not dare.”
“我确实不敢。”
Elizabeth, having rather expected to affront him, was amazed at his   gallantry; but there was a mixture of sweetness and archness in her manner   which made it difficult for her to affront anybody; and Darcy had never   been so bewitched by any woman as he was by her. He really believed, that   were it not for the inferiority of her connections, he should be in some   danger.
伊丽莎白，有点期待冒犯他，惊讶于他的勇气；但有一个甜蜜和调皮在她的方式，使她得罪任何人困难的混合物；和达西从未如此着迷，任何女人在他被她的。他真的相信，如果不是因为她的关系太差，他就有危险了。
Miss Bingley saw, or suspected enough to be jealous; and her great anxiety   for the recovery of her dear friend Jane received some assistance from her   desire of getting rid of Elizabeth.
宾利小姐看到了，或者怀疑是嫉妒，她对她亲爱的朋友简的恢复感到焦虑，从她摆脱伊丽莎白的愿望中得到了一些帮助。
She often tried to provoke Darcy into disliking her guest, by talking of   their supposed marriage, and planning his happiness in such an alliance.
她常常挑拨达西使他厌恶她的客人，说什么他们应该结婚，并计划在这样的一个联盟，他的幸福。
“I hope,” said she, as they were walking together in the shrubbery the   next day, “you will give your mother-in-law a few hints, when this   desirable event takes place, as to the advantage of holding her tongue;   and if you can compass it, do cure the younger girls of running after   officers. And, if I may mention so delicate a subject, endeavour to check   that little something, bordering on conceit and impertinence, which your   lady possesses.”
“我希望，”她说，当他们第二天灌木丛中走在了一起，“你会给你的婆婆的一些提示，当这个理想的事件发生了，就拿她的舌头的优势；如果你的指南针，做治疗后运行人员的年轻女孩。而且，如果我可以说非常棘手的问题，努力检查点，近乎自负和傲慢，你的夫人拥有。”
“Have you anything else to propose for my domestic felicity?”
“你还有什么要为我的家庭幸福而提出的吗？”“
“Oh! yes. Do let the portraits of your uncle and aunt Phillips be placed   in the gallery at Pemberley. Put them next to your great-uncle the judge.   They are in the same profession, you know, only in different lines. As for   your Elizabeth’s picture, you must not have it taken, for what painter   could do justice to those beautiful eyes?”
“哦！对.做让你的叔叔和阿姨菲利普斯肖像在Pemberley放置在画廊。把它们放在你的大法官叔叔旁边。他们在同一行业，你知道，只是在不同的行业。至于你的伊丽莎白的画，你一定不能拍，因为哪位画家能公正地对待那双美丽的眼睛呢？“
“It would not be easy, indeed, to catch their expression, but their colour   and shape, and the eyelashes, so remarkably fine, might be copied.”
事实上，捕捉它们的表情并不容易，但它们的颜色和形状，以及非常精细的睫毛都可能被复制。
At that moment they were met from another walk by Mrs. Hurst and Elizabeth   herself.
这时，Hurst太太和伊丽莎白本人又一次散步，他们相遇了。
“I did not know that you intended to walk,” said Miss Bingley, in some   confusion, lest they had been overheard.
“我不知道你打算走路，”宾利小姐有些困惑地说，以免被人听见。
“You used us abominably ill,” answered Mrs. Hurst, “running away without   telling us that you were coming out.”
“你用我们可恨的病，”Hurst夫人回答说，“不告诉我们你来了。”
Then taking the disengaged arm of Mr. Darcy, she left Elizabeth to walk by   herself. The path just admitted three. Mr. Darcy felt their rudeness, and   immediately said:
然后带着达西先生的自由胳膊，她离开伊丽莎白自己走了。这条小路刚开了三路。达西先生感觉到他们的粗鲁，立即说道：
“This walk is not wide enough for our party. We had better go into the   avenue.”
这次步行对我们党来说不够宽。我们最好到林荫大道去。”
But Elizabeth, who had not the least inclination to remain with them,   laughingly answered:
但伊丽莎白，谁没有在他们最倾向，笑着回答：
“No, no; stay where you are. You are charmingly grouped, and appear to   uncommon advantage. The picturesque would be spoilt by admitting a fourth.   Good-bye.”
“不，不，呆在原地。你是迷人的分组，并出现罕见的优势。如画般的景色将被承认第四而被破坏。再见。”
She then ran gaily off, rejoicing as she rambled about, in the hope of   being at home again in a day or two. Jane was already so much recovered as   to intend leaving her room for a couple of hours that evening.
然后她欢快地跑下来，当她漫步大喜，在家里又一天或两天的希望。简已经康复了，打算在那天晚上离开房间几个小时。
Chapter 11
11章
When the ladies removed after dinner, Elizabeth ran up to her sister, and   seeing her well guarded from cold, attended her into the drawing-room,   where she was welcomed by her two friends with many professions of   pleasure; and Elizabeth had never seen them so agreeable as they were   during the hour which passed before the gentlemen appeared. Their powers   of conversation were considerable. They could describe an entertainment   with accuracy, relate an anecdote with humour, and laugh at their   acquaintance with spirit.
娘儿们吃过晚饭，伊丽莎白跑到她姐姐，看到她戒备森严的寒冷，参加了她在客厅里，在那里她受到她的两个朋友与许多职业的乐趣；而伊丽莎白从未见过他们的小时在男客们没有那么好。他们的谈话能力相当强。他们能准确地描述一个娱乐，用幽默来讲述一个轶事，嘲笑他们与灵魂的相识。
But when the gentlemen entered, Jane was no longer the first object; Miss   Bingley’s eyes were instantly turned toward Darcy, and she had something   to say to him before he had advanced many steps. He addressed himself to   Miss Bennet, with a polite congratulation; Mr. Hurst also made her a   slight bow, and said he was “very glad;” but diffuseness and warmth   remained for Bingley’s salutation. He was full of joy and attention. The   first half-hour was spent in piling up the fire, lest she should suffer   from the change of room; and she removed at his desire to the other side   of the fireplace, that she might be further from the door. He then sat   down by her, and talked scarcely to anyone else. Elizabeth, at work in the   opposite corner, saw it all with great delight.
但是当绅士们进来的时候，简已经不再是第一个对象了，宾利小姐的眼睛立刻转向达西，在他走了许多步之前，她有话要对他说。他告诉Bennet小姐，一个礼貌的祝贺；Hurst先生也对她微微一鞠躬，说他“非常高兴；但扩散和温暖留给宾利的称呼。他充满了喜悦和关注。第一个半小时是用来堆放炉火的，免得她因房间的变化而感到痛苦；她把欲望转移到壁炉的另一边，使她远离房门。然后他坐在她旁边，几乎不跟任何人说话。伊丽莎白在对面的拐角处工作，非常高兴地看到了这一切。
When tea was over, Mr. Hurst reminded his sister-in-law of the card-table—but   in vain. She had obtained private intelligence that Mr. Darcy did not wish   for cards; and Mr. Hurst soon found even his open petition rejected. She   assured him that no one intended to play, and the silence of the whole   party on the subject seemed to justify her. Mr. Hurst had therefore   nothing to do, but to stretch himself on one of the sofas and go to sleep.   Darcy took up a book; Miss Bingley did the same; and Mrs. Hurst,   principally occupied in playing with her bracelets and rings, joined now   and then in her brother’s conversation with Miss Bennet.
当茶结束时，Hurst先生提醒他的嫂嫂的牌桌上，但徒劳的。她得到了私人情报，说达西先生不想打牌，Hurst先生很快发现他的公开请愿书也被驳回了。她向他保证，没有人想玩，整个党派对这个问题的沉默似乎证明了她是正确的。Hurst先生因此无事可干，只好躺在一张沙发上睡着了。达西拿起一本书；宾利小姐也做了同样的事；Hurst太太，主要是玩弄她的手镯和戒指，不时地和Bennet兄弟谈话。
Miss Bingley’s attention was quite as much engaged in watching Mr. Darcy’s   progress through his book, as in reading her own; and she was   perpetually either making some inquiry, or looking at his page. She could   not win him, however, to any conversation; he merely answered her   question, and read on. At length, quite exhausted by the attempt to be   amused with her own book, which she had only chosen because it was the   second volume of his, she gave a great yawn and said, “How pleasant it is   to spend an evening in this way! I declare after all there is no enjoyment   like reading! How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book! When I   have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent   library.”
宾利小姐的注意力完全集中在读达西先生的书上，就像读她自己的书一样，她总是不断地询问，或者看看他的页面。然而，她无论如何也无法赢得他的谈话，他只是回答了她的问题，继续读下去。最后，她对自己的书很感兴趣，因为她只选了第二卷书，于是她打了个大呵欠，说：“这样过一个晚上是多么愉快啊！”！我声明，毕竟没有阅读之类的享受！一个轮胎比一本书还要快多少！如果我有自己的房子，如果没有一个好的图书馆，我会很痛苦。”
No one made any reply. She then yawned again, threw aside her book, and   cast her eyes round the room in quest for some amusement; when hearing her   brother mentioning a ball to Miss Bennet, she turned suddenly towards him   and said:
没有人作出任何答复。她又打了个呵欠，扔在她的书中，她和演员的眼睛圆一些娱乐的追求房间；当听到她哥哥Bennet小姐提一个球，她突然转身对他说：
“By the bye, Charles, are you really serious in meditating a dance at   Netherfield? I would advise you, before you determine on it, to consult   the wishes of the present party; I am much mistaken if there are not some   among us to whom a ball would be rather a punishment than a pleasure.”
“顺便说一句，查尔斯，你在冥想的舞蹈在Netherfield真的很严重吗？在你作出决定之前，我建议你去请教一下现在党的意愿；如果我们中间没有人认为舞会是一种惩罚而不是一种乐趣的话，那我就大错特错了。
“If you mean Darcy,” cried her brother, “he may go to bed, if he chooses,   before it begins—but as for the ball, it is quite a settled thing;   and as soon as Nicholls has made white soup enough, I shall send round my   cards.”
“如果你说的是达西，”她哥哥叫道，“如果他愿意的话，他可以上床睡觉，但在舞会上，这是一件相当稳定的事情；只要尼科尔斯把白汤煮够了，我就把我的名片寄出去。”
“I should like balls infinitely better,” she replied, “if they were   carried on in a different manner; but there is something insufferably   tedious in the usual process of such a meeting. It would surely be much   more rational if conversation instead of dancing were made the order of   the day.”
“我要球更好，”她说，“如果他们以不同的方式进行；但也有一些难以忍受乏味的在这样一个会议的一般过程。如果谈话不是跳舞，那就更合理了。
“Much more rational, my dear Caroline, I dare say, but it would not be   near so much like a ball.”
“更理智的，我亲爱的卡洛琳，我敢说，但它不会像一个球那么近。”
Miss Bingley made no answer, and soon afterwards she got up and walked   about the room. Her figure was elegant, and she walked well; but Darcy, at   whom it was all aimed, was still inflexibly studious. In the desperation   of her feelings, she resolved on one effort more, and, turning to   Elizabeth, said:
宾利小姐没有回答，很快她站起来在房间里走来走去。她身材优美，她走的很好；但达西，谁都是瞄准，仍执着勤奋。在她绝望的心情下，她决心多做一件事，转向伊丽莎白说：
“Miss Eliza Bennet, let me persuade you to follow my example, and take a   turn about the room. I assure you it is very refreshing after sitting so   long in one attitude.”
“Eliza Bennet小姐，让我劝你跟我学吧，在房间里转一转。”。我向你保证，坐了这么长时间的姿势会让人感到很清爽。”
Elizabeth was surprised, but agreed to it immediately. Miss Bingley   succeeded no less in the real object of her civility; Mr. Darcy looked up.   He was as much awake to the novelty of attention in that quarter as   Elizabeth herself could be, and unconsciously closed his book. He was   directly invited to join their party, but he declined it, observing that   he could imagine but two motives for their choosing to walk up and down   the room together, with either of which motives his joining them would   interfere. “What could he mean? She was dying to know what could be his   meaning?”—and asked Elizabeth whether she could at all understand   him?
伊丽莎白很惊讶，但马上同意了。宾利小姐的礼貌丝毫不减，达西先生抬起头来。他清醒地意识到那一刻的新奇感，就像伊丽莎白自己一样，不知不觉地合上了他的书。他直接被邀请参加他们的聚会，但他拒绝了，他认为他可以想象两个动机，他们选择在房间里一起走上走下，无论哪种动机，他加入他们都会干扰。“他是什么意思？她非常想知道他的意思是什么？-问伊丽莎白她是否能理解他？
“Not at all,” was her answer; “but depend upon it, he means to be severe   on us, and our surest way of disappointing him will be to ask nothing   about it.”
“一点也不，”她的回答是，“但要相信，他是指对我们严厉，而让他失望的最可靠的方法就是什么也不问。”
Miss Bingley, however, was incapable of disappointing Mr. Darcy in   anything, and persevered therefore in requiring an explanation of his two   motives.
然而，宾利小姐在任何事情上都不能使达西先生失望，因此他坚持要解释他的两个动机。
“I have not the smallest objection to explaining them,” said he, as soon   as she allowed him to speak. “You either choose this method of passing the   evening because you are in each other’s confidence, and have secret   affairs to discuss, or because you are conscious that your figures appear   to the greatest advantage in walking; if the first, I would be completely   in your way, and if the second, I can admire you much better as I sit by   the fire.”
“我丝毫不反对解释他们，”他说，只要她让他发言。“你可以选择这种方式来打发这个晚上因为你在对方的信心，并有秘密要讨论，或者因为你意识到你的人物出现在行走的最大优势；如果第一个，我就在你的路上，如果第二，我可以欣赏你当我坐在火边更好。”
“Oh! shocking!” cried Miss Bingley. “I never heard anything so abominable.   How shall we punish him for such a speech?”
“哦！令人震惊的!宾利小姐叫道。“我从没听过这么讨厌的话。这样的话我们怎么惩罚他？“
“Nothing so easy, if you have but the inclination,” said Elizabeth. “We   can all plague and punish one another. Tease him—laugh at him.   Intimate as you are, you must know how it is to be done.”
“没有什么容易的，如果你有这种倾向，”伊丽莎白说。“我们都可以互相折磨，互相惩罚。”。逗他笑。虽然你很亲密，但你必须知道如何去做。
“But upon my honour, I do not. I do assure you that my intimacy has   not yet taught me that. Tease calmness of manner and presence of   mind! No, no; I feel he may defy us there. And as to laughter, we will not   expose ourselves, if you please, by attempting to laugh without a subject.   Mr. Darcy may hug himself.”
“但以我的名誉，我不。我向你保证，我的亲密关系还没有教会我。嘲弄态度的平静和思想的沉着！不，不，我觉得他可能在那里违抗我们。至于笑，我们不会暴露自己，如果你愿意的话，我们可以尝试不带主题地笑。达西先生可能会拥抱自己。”
“Mr. Darcy is not to be laughed at!” cried Elizabeth. “That is an uncommon   advantage, and uncommon I hope it will continue, for it would be a great   loss to me to have many such acquaintances. I dearly love a laugh.”
“达西先生是不会被嘲笑的！伊丽莎白喊道。“这是一个不寻常的优势，我希望它能继续下去，因为我有很多这样的熟人，这对我来说是一个巨大的损失。”。我非常喜欢笑。”
“Miss Bingley,” said he, “has given me more credit than can be. The wisest   and the best of men—nay, the wisest and best of their actions—may   be rendered ridiculous by a person whose first object in life is a joke.”
“宾利小姐，”他说，“给了我比我更多的荣誉。最聪明和最好的人，最聪明和最好的行动，可能会被荒谬的人的第一个对象在生活是一个笑话。
“Certainly,” replied Elizabeth—“there are such people, but I hope I   am not one of them. I hope I never ridicule what is wise and good.   Follies and nonsense, whims and inconsistencies, do divert me, I   own, and I laugh at them whenever I can. But these, I suppose, are   precisely what you are without.”
“当然可以，”伊丽莎白回答说，“有这样的人，但我希望我不是他们中的一员。”。我希望我永远不要嘲笑聪明和善良的人。愚蠢和无聊，率性和不一致的地方，把我做的，我自己，我笑的时候我可以。但我想，这些正是你所没有的。”
“Perhaps that is not possible for anyone. But it has been the study of my   life to avoid those weaknesses which often expose a strong understanding   to ridicule.”
“这对任何人来说都是不可能的。但我一直在研究我的人生，以避免那些弱点，这些弱点常常会引起人们对嘲笑的强烈理解。
“Such as vanity and pride.”
“虚荣和骄傲。”
“Yes, vanity is a weakness indeed. But pride—where there is a real   superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation.”
“是的，虚荣的确是个弱点。”。但是骄傲的地方有一种真正的优越感，骄傲总是会受到良好的监管。”
Elizabeth turned away to hide a smile.
伊丽莎白转过身来隐藏笑容。
“Your examination of Mr. Darcy is over, I presume,” said Miss Bingley;   “and pray what is the result?”
“我想你对达西先生的考试已经结束了，”宾利小姐说，“然后祈祷结果怎么样？”“
“I am perfectly convinced by it that Mr. Darcy has no defect. He owns it   himself without disguise.”
“我完全相信达西先生没有缺点。他自己也没有伪装。
“No,” said Darcy, “I have made no such pretension. I have faults enough,   but they are not, I hope, of understanding. My temper I dare not vouch   for. It is, I believe, too little yielding—certainly too little for   the convenience of the world. I cannot forget the follies and vices of   others so soon as I ought, nor their offenses against myself. My feelings   are not puffed about with every attempt to move them. My temper would   perhaps be called resentful. My good opinion once lost, is lost forever.”
“不，”达西说，“我没有这样的借口。我有足够的缺点，但我希望他们不是理解的。我的脾气，我不敢保证。我相信，这太少了，对世界的方便来说实在是太少了。我不能忘记别人的愚蠢和罪恶只要我应该，也不是他们得罪了我。我的感情并没有因为调动他们的意愿而膨胀。我的脾气可能会被称为怨恨。我的好意见一旦失去，就永远失去了。
“That is a failing indeed!” cried Elizabeth. “Implacable resentment   is a shade in a character. But you have chosen your fault well. I   really cannot laugh at it. You are safe from me.”
“这确实是个失败！伊丽莎白喊道。“无情的怨恨是性格上的一个阴影。但你选择了你的缺点。我真的不能笑它。你离我而去。”
“There is, I believe, in every disposition a tendency to some particular   evil—a natural defect, which not even the best education can   overcome.”
“有，我相信，每个人的性格都倾向于某些特定的罪恶天生的缺陷，即使受最好的教育，可以克服的。”
“And your defect is to hate everybody.”
“你的缺点就是恨每个人。”
“And yours,” he replied with a smile, “is willfully to misunderstand   them.”
“还有你的，”他微笑着回答，“故意误解他们的意思。”
“Do let us have a little music,” cried Miss Bingley, tired of a   conversation in which she had no share. “Louisa, you will not mind my   waking Mr. Hurst?”
“让我们喝点音乐吧，”宾利小姐嚷道，她厌倦了一场她没有分享的谈话。“路易莎，你不介意我叫醒Hurst先生吧？”“
Her sister had not the smallest objection, and the pianoforte was opened;   and Darcy, after a few moments’ recollection, was not sorry for it. He   began to feel the danger of paying Elizabeth too much attention.
她的姐姐毫不反对，于是钢琴被打开；和达西，片刻的回忆后，不后悔。他开始觉得付伊丽莎白太多注意力的危险。
Chapter 12
12章
In consequence of an agreement between the sisters, Elizabeth wrote the   next morning to their mother, to beg that the carriage might be sent for   them in the course of the day. But Mrs. Bennet, who had calculated on her   daughters remaining at Netherfield till the following Tuesday, which would   exactly finish Jane’s week, could not bring herself to receive them with   pleasure before. Her answer, therefore, was not propitious, at least not   to Elizabeth’s wishes, for she was impatient to get home. Mrs. Bennet sent   them word that they could not possibly have the carriage before Tuesday;   and in her postscript it was added, that if Mr. Bingley and his sister   pressed them to stay longer, she could spare them very well. Against   staying longer, however, Elizabeth was positively resolved—nor did   she much expect it would be asked; and fearful, on the contrary, as being   considered as intruding themselves needlessly long, she urged Jane to   borrow Mr. Bingley’s carriage immediately, and at length it was settled   that their original design of leaving Netherfield that morning should be   mentioned, and the request made.
由于姐妹们达成了协议，伊丽莎白第二天早上给母亲写信，请求马车在白天送他们去。但Bennet夫人，曾在她女儿留在Netherfield直到星期二计算，这将是完成简的一周，又不能让自己去接受他们的乐趣之前。因此，她的回答并不吉利，至少不符合伊丽莎白的意愿，因为她急着要回家。Bennet太太告诉他们说，他们星期二之前不可能有马车；在她的附言中，补充说，如果宾利先生和他的妹妹强迫他们多呆一会儿，她可以很好地照顾他们。防呆的时间越长，然而，伊丽莎白是积极的解决她也不期待它会问；和恐惧，相反，当被视为入侵自己不长，她催促简借宾利先生的马车立即，和终于决定离开Netherfield的那天早上，原本应该提到的设计，并提出请求。
The communication excited many professions of concern; and enough was said   of wishing them to stay at least till the following day to work on Jane;   and till the morrow their going was deferred. Miss Bingley was then sorry   that she had proposed the delay, for her jealousy and dislike of one   sister much exceeded her affection for the other.
这一交流引起了许多人的关注，据说他们希望他们至少呆到第二天去为简工作，直到明天他们的行程被推迟了。宾利小姐很抱歉，她提出推迟，因为她的嫉妒和不喜欢一个妹妹远远超过她的感情，另一个。
The master of the house heard with real sorrow that they were to go so   soon, and repeatedly tried to persuade Miss Bennet that it would not be   safe for her—that she was not enough recovered; but Jane was firm   where she felt herself to be right.
房子的主人真的很伤心，他们要走得这么快，一再试图说服Bennet小姐，对她来说，她还没有完全康复，这是不安全的，但简认为她自己是对的，她是坚定的。
To Mr. Darcy it was welcome intelligence—Elizabeth had been at   Netherfield long enough. She attracted him more than he liked—and   Miss Bingley was uncivil to her, and more teasing than usual to   himself. He wisely resolved to be particularly careful that no sign of   admiration should now escape him, nothing that could elevate her   with the hope of influencing his felicity; sensible that if such an idea   had been suggested, his behaviour during the last day must have material   weight in confirming or crushing it. Steady to his purpose, he scarcely   spoke ten words to her through the whole of Saturday, and though they were   at one time left by themselves for half-an-hour, he adhered most   conscientiously to his book, and would not even look at her.
达西先生是欢迎情报的伊丽莎白在Netherfield已经足够长的时间。她吸引了他比他更喜欢和宾利小姐是不礼貌的她，更逗比平常自己。他明智地决定要特别小心，现在不应该有任何钦佩的迹象，没有什么能影响她幸福的希望；明智的是，如果这样的想法被提出，他在最后一天的行为必须有物质上的重量来确认或摧毁它。为了达到他的目的，整个星期六他几乎没有对她说十个字，虽然他们自己有一段时间独自离开了半个小时，但他非常认真地坚持自己的书，甚至连看都不看她。
On Sunday, after morning service, the separation, so agreeable to almost   all, took place. Miss Bingley’s civility to Elizabeth increased at last   very rapidly, as well as her affection for Jane; and when they parted,   after assuring the latter of the pleasure it would always give her to see   her either at Longbourn or Netherfield, and embracing her most tenderly,   she even shook hands with the former. Elizabeth took leave of the whole   party in the liveliest of spirits.
星期日，早晨的服务之后，几乎所有人都同意了。宾利小姐的礼貌给伊丽莎白增加最后非常迅速，以及她对简的感情；他们分手的时候，在保证快乐则会给她看，她无论是在Longbourn或Netherfield，和她拥抱最温柔，她甚至握手前。伊丽莎白离开了全党在活跃的精神。
They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother. Mrs. Bennet   wondered at their coming, and thought them very wrong to give so much   trouble, and was sure Jane would have caught cold again. But their father,   though very laconic in his expressions of pleasure, was really glad to see   them; he had felt their importance in the family circle. The evening   conversation, when they were all assembled, had lost much of its   animation, and almost all its sense by the absence of Jane and Elizabeth.
他们的母亲并不十分欢迎他们回家。Bennet太太对他们的到来感到奇怪，认为给他们添这么多麻烦是不对的，简肯定会再次感冒的。但是他们的父亲，虽然他高兴的表情很简洁，很高兴看到他们；他觉得自己在家庭的重要性。晚上的谈话，当他们都聚集起来，失去了它的动画，几乎所有的感觉，由于没有简和伊丽莎白。
They found Mary, as usual, deep in the study of thorough-bass and human   nature; and had some extracts to admire, and some new observations of   threadbare morality to listen to. Catherine and Lydia had information for   them of a different sort. Much had been done and much had been said in the   regiment since the preceding Wednesday; several of the officers had dined   lately with their uncle, a private had been flogged, and it had actually   been hinted that Colonel Forster was going to be married.
他们发现了玛丽，像往常一样，在彻底的低音和人性的深入研究；并且有一些提取物的钦佩，和听一些对旧道德的新见解。凯瑟琳和丽迪雅为他们提供了另一种信息。太多了，多的已经说在团自从上星期三吃过饭；有几个军官最近与他们的叔叔，一个士兵挨了鞭打，它实际上已经暗示，福斯特上校要结婚了。
Chapter 13
13章
“I hope, my dear,” said Mr. Bennet to his wife, as they were at breakfast   the next morning, “that you have ordered a good dinner to-day, because I   have reason to expect an addition to our family party.”
“我希望，亲爱的，”Bennet先生对他的妻子说，就像他们第二天早上吃早饭时一样，“你今天点了一顿丰盛的晚餐，因为我有理由期待我们的家庭聚会。”
“Who do you mean, my dear? I know of nobody that is coming, I am sure,   unless Charlotte Lucas should happen to call in—and I hope my   dinners are good enough for her. I do not believe she often sees such at   home.”
“亲爱的，你指的是谁？”我知道没有人会来，除非Charlotte Lucas碰巧来拜访我，我希望我的晚餐对她来说足够好了。我不相信她经常在家里看到这样的东西。”
“The person of whom I speak is a gentleman, and a stranger.”
“我所说的人是绅士，是陌生人。”
Mrs. Bennet’s eyes sparkled. “A gentleman and a stranger! It is Mr.   Bingley, I am sure! Well, I am sure I shall be extremely glad to see Mr.   Bingley. But—good Lord! how unlucky! There is not a bit of fish to   be got to-day. Lydia, my love, ring the bell—I must speak to Hill   this moment.”
Bennet太太的眼睛闪闪发光。一个绅士和一个陌生人！我肯定是宾利先生！哦，我相信见到宾利先生我会非常高兴的。但是上帝！多么不幸！今天一点鱼也没有了。丽迪雅，我的爱，环bell-i必须说这一刻的Hill。”
“It is not Mr. Bingley,” said her husband; “it is a person whom I   never saw in the whole course of my life.”
“这不是宾利先生，”她丈夫说，“这是我一生中从未见过的人。”
This roused a general astonishment; and he had the pleasure of being   eagerly questioned by his wife and his five daughters at once.
这使他大为吃惊，他很高兴受到妻子和五个女儿的急切询问。
After amusing himself some time with their curiosity, he thus explained:
他用自己的好奇心把自己逗乐了一段时间后，就这样解释了一下：
“About a month ago I received this letter; and about a fortnight ago I   answered it, for I thought it a case of some delicacy, and requiring early   attention. It is from my cousin, Mr. Collins, who, when I am dead, may   turn you all out of this house as soon as he pleases.”
大约一个月前，我收到了这封信，大约两周前我回答了，因为我认为这是一件很微妙的事，需要及早注意。是我表兄Collins先生给我的，我死后，他一高兴就把你们全赶出去。”
“Oh! my dear,” cried his wife, “I cannot bear to hear that mentioned. Pray   do not talk of that odious man. I do think it is the hardest thing in the   world, that your estate should be entailed away from your own children;   and I am sure, if I had been you, I should have tried long ago to do   something or other about it.”
“哦！“亲爱的，”他的妻子叫道，“我听不进去上面提到的话。请不要谈那个讨厌的家伙。我确实认为这是世界上最难的事情，你的财产应该从你自己的孩子身上继承出来；我敢肯定，如果我是你，我早就应该尝试做些别的事情了。
Jane and Elizabeth tried to explain to her the nature of an entail. They   had often attempted to do it before, but it was a subject on which Mrs.   Bennet was beyond the reach of reason, and she continued to rail bitterly   against the cruelty of settling an estate away from a family of five   daughters, in favour of a man whom nobody cared anything about.
简和伊丽莎白试图向她解释继承权的性质。他们以前常常试图这样做，但这是一个Bennet太太无法理解的话题，她继续猛烈地反对把五个女儿的家庭安顿下来的残酷行为，以支持一个无人关心的男人。
“It certainly is a most iniquitous affair,” said Mr. Bennet, “and nothing   can clear Mr. Collins from the guilt of inheriting Longbourn. But if you   will listen to his letter, you may perhaps be a little softened by his   manner of expressing himself.”
“这当然是一个最不公平的事情，”Bennet先生说，“没有什么可以清楚的从Collins先生继承浪博恩的内疚。但是如果你听他的信，你可能会对他的表达方式有点软化。
“No, that I am sure I shall not; and I think it is very impertinent of him   to write to you at all, and very hypocritical. I hate such false friends.   Why could he not keep on quarreling with you, as his father did before   him?”
“不，我不会；我觉得他写信给你很无礼，很虚伪。我讨厌这样虚伪的朋友。他为什么不像他父亲在他面前那样，不停地和你争吵呢？“
“Why, indeed; he does seem to have had some filial scruples on that head,   as you will hear.”
“真的，他在你的头上似乎有一些孝顺的顾虑，你会听到的。”
“Hunsford, near Westerham, Kent, 15th October.
“汉斯福附近的韦斯特勒姆，Kent，10月15日。
“Dear Sir,—
“亲爱的先生，—
“The disagreement subsisting between yourself and my late honoured father   always gave me much uneasiness, and since I have had the misfortune to   lose him, I have frequently wished to heal the breach; but for some time I   was kept back by my own doubts, fearing lest it might seem disrespectful   to his memory for me to be on good terms with anyone with whom it had   always pleased him to be at variance.—‘There, Mrs. Bennet.’—My   mind, however, is now made up on the subject, for having received   ordination at Easter, I have been so fortunate as to be distinguished by   the patronage of the Right Honourable Lady Catherine de Bourgh, widow of   Sir Lewis de Bourgh, whose bounty and beneficence has preferred me to the   valuable rectory of this parish, where it shall be my earnest endeavour to   demean myself with grateful respect towards her ladyship, and be ever   ready to perform those rites and ceremonies which are instituted by the   Church of England. As a clergyman, moreover, I feel it my duty to promote   and establish the blessing of peace in all families within the reach of my   influence; and on these grounds I flatter myself that my present overtures   are highly commendable, and that the circumstance of my being next in the   entail of Longbourn estate will be kindly overlooked on your side, and not   lead you to reject the offered olive-branch. I cannot be otherwise than   concerned at being the means of injuring your amiable daughters, and beg   leave to apologise for it, as well as to assure you of my readiness to   make them every possible amends—but of this hereafter. If you should   have no objection to receive me into your house, I propose myself the   satisfaction of waiting on you and your family, Monday, November 18th, by   four o’clock, and shall probably trespass on your hospitality till the   Saturday se’ennight following, which I can do without any inconvenience,   as Lady Catherine is far from objecting to my occasional absence on a   Sunday, provided that some other clergyman is engaged to do the duty of   the day.—I remain, dear sir, with respectful compliments to your   lady and daughters, your well-wisher and friend,
“不存在的自己和我的亡父之间一直使我感到不安，因为我已经不幸地失去了他，我经常希望有治愈的突破口；但有一段时间我被自己的怀疑一直回来，担心似乎不敬给我的记忆是任何人谁一直很高兴他在方差关系好。——'，Bennet太太。”我的心，但是，现在关于这一主题的，有在复活节收到的排序，我有幸被尊敬的Catherine de Bourgh夫人赞助的区别，Lewis de Bourgh先生的慷慨和仁慈的寡妇，喜欢我的宝本堂神甫家的E，我要认真的努力贬低自己的感激和尊敬的夫人，并随时准备执行这些仪式是由英国教会任命。作为一个牧师，而且，我觉得在我的促进和影响达到建立在所有家庭的平安的祝福是我的责任；并基于这些理由，我认为我现在的姿态是非常难能可贵的，这在Longbourn房地产的需要我的情况下将请忽略你的一面，而不是让你拒绝伸出橄榄枝。我不可能只关心伤害你可爱的女儿的方式，向你道歉，并向你保证，我愿意使他们一切可能的补偿，但从今以后。如果你不反对接我到你家，我提出了自己满意的等待你和你的家人，星期一，11月18日，四点，和可能会打搅你直到星期六se'ennight以下，我能做的也没有任何不便，Lady Catherine决不会反对我偶尔缺席在一个星期日，但其他一些牧师正在做一天的义务。我继续，亲爱的先生，尊敬问候你的夫人和女儿，你的好心人和朋友，
“WILLIAM COLLINS”
“WILLIAM COLLINS”
“At four o’clock, therefore, we may expect this peace-making gentleman,”   said Mr. Bennet, as he folded up the letter. “He seems to be a most   conscientious and polite young man, upon my word, and I doubt not will   prove a valuable acquaintance, especially if Lady Catherine should be so   indulgent as to let him come to us again.”
“因此，在四点，我们可以期待这位和平的绅士，”Bennet先生一边折信一边说。“他似乎是一个非常认真和有礼貌的年轻人，在我的话，我怀疑不会证明是一个有价值的熟人，尤其是如果Lady Catherine应该如此纵容，让他再次来到我们这里。”
“There is some sense in what he says about the girls, however, and if he   is disposed to make them any amends, I shall not be the person to   discourage him.”
“他说女孩子的话是有道理的，不过，如果他愿意给他们任何补偿，我就不会成为劝阻他的人。”
“Though it is difficult,” said Jane, “to guess in what way he can mean to   make us the atonement he thinks our due, the wish is certainly to his   credit.”
“虽然这很难，”简说，“猜猜他能用什么方式使我们赎罪，他认为我们应得的，希望当然是他的功劳。”
Elizabeth was chiefly struck by his extraordinary deference for Lady   Catherine, and his kind intention of christening, marrying, and burying   his parishioners whenever it were required.
伊丽莎白是Lady Catherine非常尊重他了，他的善良意图的洗礼，结婚，和埋葬他的教区居民无论是必需的。
“He must be an oddity, I think,” said she. “I cannot make him out.—There   is something very pompous in his style.—And what can he mean by   apologising for being next in the entail?—We cannot suppose he would   help it if he could.—Could he be a sensible man, sir?”
“他一定是个怪人，我想，”她说。“我不能让他出去。-有一些他的风格非常夸张。和他有什么说的在说下道歉吗？-如果他能的话，我们不能想象他会帮助他-他会是个明智的人吗，先生？“
“No, my dear, I think not. I have great hopes of finding him quite the   reverse. There is a mixture of servility and self-importance in his   letter, which promises well. I am impatient to see him.”
“不，亲爱的，我想不是。我非常希望找到他。有一种奴性和自我的重要性，他在信中的混合物，这将很好。我急着要去见他。”
“In point of composition,” said Mary, “the letter does not seem defective.   The idea of the olive-branch perhaps is not wholly new, yet I think it is   well expressed.”
“从构图上看，”玛丽说，“这封信似乎没有瑕疵。橄榄枝的想法也许并不完全是新的，但我认为它表达得很好。
To Catherine and Lydia, neither the letter nor its writer were in any   degree interesting. It was next to impossible that their cousin should   come in a scarlet coat, and it was now some weeks since they had received   pleasure from the society of a man in any other colour. As for their   mother, Mr. Collins’s letter had done away much of her ill-will, and she   was preparing to see him with a degree of composure which astonished her   husband and daughters.
对凯瑟琳和丽迪雅来说，这封信和它的作者都没有任何兴趣。他们的表妹几乎不可能穿上一件猩红色的大衣，而现在，他们已经从其他肤色的人那里得到了快乐。至于他们的母亲，Collins先生的信消除了她的许多恶意，她正准备以平静的心情去看望他，这使她的丈夫和女儿们感到惊讶。
Mr. Collins was punctual to his time, and was received with great   politeness by the whole family. Mr. Bennet indeed said little; but the   ladies were ready enough to talk, and Mr. Collins seemed neither in need   of encouragement, nor inclined to be silent himself. He was a tall,   heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty. His air was grave and stately,   and his manners were very formal. He had not been long seated before he   complimented Mrs. Bennet on having so fine a family of daughters; said he   had heard much of their beauty, but that in this instance fame had fallen   short of the truth; and added, that he did not doubt her seeing them all   in due time disposed of in marriage. This gallantry was not much to the   taste of some of his hearers; but Mrs. Bennet, who quarreled with no   compliments, answered most readily.
Collins先生准时到了，全家人都很礼貌地接待了他。Bennet先生确实没怎么说话，但女士们已经准备好说话了，Collins先生似乎既不需要鼓励，也不想安静下来。他是一个身材高大，看上去很重的年轻人，五岁和二十岁。他的神气庄重庄重，举止十分正式。他还没坐很久，就夸Bennet太太有这么好的一个女儿，说他听过很多关于他们的美丽，但在这种情况下，名声不如事实；他还说，他并不怀疑她在适当时候把他们都处理掉了。这种勇敢是不多的一些听众的口味；但Bennet太太，谁吵架不恭维，回答最容易。
“You are very kind, I am sure; and I wish with all my heart it may prove   so, for else they will be destitute enough. Things are settled so oddly.”
“我相信你是非常善良的，我衷心希望它能证明这一点，否则他们将一贫如洗。”。事情解决得如此奇怪。”
“You allude, perhaps, to the entail of this estate.”
“你大概，也许，到本地产的需要。”
“Ah! sir, I do indeed. It is a grievous affair to my poor girls, you must   confess. Not that I mean to find fault with you, for such things I   know are all chance in this world. There is no knowing how estates will go   when once they come to be entailed.”
“啊！先生，我的确如此。你必须承认，这是我可怜的女孩们的一件不幸的事。我不是故意找你的错，因为我知道这一切都是世界上的机会。不知道房地产一旦被继承后将如何发展。”
“I am very sensible, madam, of the hardship to my fair cousins, and could   say much on the subject, but that I am cautious of appearing forward and   precipitate. But I can assure the young ladies that I come prepared to   admire them. At present I will not say more; but, perhaps, when we are   better acquainted—”
“夫人，我对我的表兄妹很难理解，对这个问题我能说得很多，但我小心翼翼地向前看，不肯说话。但我可以向年轻女士保证，我是来欣赏她们的。目前，我不会说更多，但也许，当我们更好地了解-”
He was interrupted by a summons to dinner; and the girls smiled on each   other. They were not the only objects of Mr. Collins’s admiration. The   hall, the dining-room, and all its furniture, were examined and praised;   and his commendation of everything would have touched Mrs. Bennet’s heart,   but for the mortifying supposition of his viewing it all as his own future   property. The dinner too in its turn was highly admired; and he begged to   know to which of his fair cousins the excellency of its cooking was owing.   But he was set right there by Mrs. Bennet, who assured him with some   asperity that they were very well able to keep a good cook, and that her   daughters had nothing to do in the kitchen. He begged pardon for having   displeased her. In a softened tone she declared herself not at all   offended; but he continued to apologise for about a quarter of an hour.
他被一顿晚餐的传票打断了，姑娘们互相微笑。这些并不是Collins先生钦佩的唯一对象。大厅，餐厅，和所有的家具，进行表扬；他赞扬一切会感动了Bennet夫人的心，但对事件的假设都看作他自己未来的财产。这顿饭也很受欢迎，他请求知道他那一位餐桌上的贵族是怎么做的。但他却被Bennet太太安排在那里，他向他保证，他们很会养一个好厨师，她的女儿在厨房里什么也没做。他因触怒了她而请求原谅。她用柔和的语调宣称自己一点也不生气，但他继续道歉了大约四分之一小时。
Chapter 14
14章
During dinner, Mr. Bennet scarcely spoke at all; but when the servants   were withdrawn, he thought it time to have some conversation with his   guest, and therefore started a subject in which he expected him to shine,   by observing that he seemed very fortunate in his patroness. Lady   Catherine de Bourgh’s attention to his wishes, and consideration for his   comfort, appeared very remarkable. Mr. Bennet could not have chosen   better. Mr. Collins was eloquent in her praise. The subject elevated him   to more than usual solemnity of manner, and with a most important aspect   he protested that “he had never in his life witnessed such behaviour in a   person of rank—such affability and condescension, as he had himself   experienced from Lady Catherine. She had been graciously pleased to   approve of both of the discourses which he had already had the honour of   preaching before her. She had also asked him twice to dine at Rosings, and   had sent for him only the Saturday before, to make up her pool of   quadrille in the evening. Lady Catherine was reckoned proud by many people   he knew, but he had never seen anything but affability in her. She   had always spoken to him as she would to any other gentleman; she made not   the smallest objection to his joining in the society of the neighbourhood   nor to his leaving the parish occasionally for a week or two, to visit his   relations. She had even condescended to advise him to marry as soon as he   could, provided he chose with discretion; and had once paid him a visit in   his humble parsonage, where she had perfectly approved all the alterations   he had been making, and had even vouchsafed to suggest some herself—some   shelves in the closet up stairs.”
吃晚饭的时候，Bennet先生几乎一言不发；但当仆人被撤回，他认为时间与他的客人有一些对话，从而开始了他在期待他闪耀的主题，通过观察他的守护神，他似乎很幸运。Catherine de Bourgh夫人的注意自己的愿望，并考虑他的安慰，出现非常显著。Bennet先生不可能选择得更好。Collins先生的赞扬很有说服力。主体高架他比平时更严肃的态度，和一个最重要的方面，他表示：“他一生中从未亲眼目睹一个等级这样的亲切和谦虚的人这样的行为，因为他自己经历了从Lady Catherine。她很高兴地同意了他以前在她面前讲道的两个论述。她还曾先后两次去罗新斯问他，并把他只有星期六之前，把她藏在晚上舞曲。Lady Catherine为人骄傲很多他认识的人，但他从未见过但亲切。她总是像对其他绅士一样对他说；她对他加入邻里社会，也不反对他偶尔离开教区一两个星期，来拜访他的亲戚。她甚至屈尊劝他尽快结婚，他可以，只要他选择了自由裁量权；曾经付给他自己卑微的牧师一看，她已经完全认可他一直在改变，甚至也提出了一些自己在衣柜上楼梯一些架子。”
“That is all very proper and civil, I am sure,” said Mrs. Bennet, “and I   dare say she is a very agreeable woman. It is a pity that great ladies in   general are not more like her. Does she live near you, sir?”
Bennet太太说：“我相信这一切都很得体，很有礼貌，我敢说她是个非常和蔼可亲的女人。”。可惜的是，一般的贵妇人并不更像她。她住在你附近吗，先生？“
“The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane   from Rosings Park, her ladyship’s residence.”
“在这花园寒舍只有从罗新斯花园车道分开，夫人的住所。”
“I think you said she was a widow, sir? Has she any family?”
“我想你说过她是个寡妇，先生？”她有家人吗？“
“She has only one daughter, the heiress of Rosings, and of very extensive   property.”
“她只有一个女儿，也就是罗新斯的女继承人，和非常广泛的财产。”
“Ah!” said Mrs. Bennet, shaking her head, “then she is better off than   many girls. And what sort of young lady is she? Is she handsome?”
“啊！Bennet太太摇着头说，“那她比许多姑娘都好。她是什么样的年轻女士？她漂亮吗？“
“She is a most charming young lady indeed. Lady Catherine herself says   that, in point of true beauty, Miss de Bourgh is far superior to the   handsomest of her sex, because there is that in her features which marks   the young lady of distinguished birth. She is unfortunately of a sickly   constitution, which has prevented her from making that progress in many   accomplishments which she could not have otherwise failed of, as I am   informed by the lady who superintended her education, and who still   resides with them. But she is perfectly amiable, and often condescends to   drive by my humble abode in her little phaeton and ponies.”
“她确实是个非常迷人的小姐。”。Lady Catherine自己说，在真正的美点，de Bourgh小姐比最漂亮的女人，因为有她眉清目秀，出生高贵的小姐。她是一个病态的宪法，这使她从这种进步多才多艺，她不可能不失败，因为我了解这位监管教育她，谁仍然属于他们。但是她非常和蔼可亲，而且经常屈尊驱动我在她的小辉腾和小马蜗居。”
“Has she been presented? I do not remember her name among the ladies at   court.”
“有人接待过她吗？”在法庭上，我不记得她的名字。”
“Her indifferent state of health unhappily prevents her being in town; and   by that means, as I told Lady Catherine one day, has deprived the British   court of its brightest ornament. Her ladyship seemed pleased with the   idea; and you may imagine that I am happy on every occasion to offer those   little delicate compliments which are always acceptable to ladies. I have   more than once observed to Lady Catherine, that her charming daughter   seemed born to be a duchess, and that the most elevated rank, instead of   giving her consequence, would be adorned by her. These are the kind of   little things which please her ladyship, and it is a sort of attention   which I conceive myself peculiarly bound to pay.”
“她冷漠的健康状态不阻止她和镇；这意味着，当我告诉Lady Catherine，有一天，剥夺了英国最亮的点缀庭院。夫人似乎很高兴与想法；你可以想象，我很高兴，在每一个场合提供那些微妙的恭维女士们总是爱听。我不止一次地对Lady Catherine说，她那迷人的女儿似乎生来就是一位公爵夫人，而最高贵的地位，而不是给她带来的后果，将由她来装饰。这些都是小事情，请她老人家的那种，它是一种关注，我认为这就是我独有的绑定支付。”
“You judge very properly,” said Mr. Bennet, “and it is happy for you that   you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy. May I ask whether   these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the moment, or are   the result of previous study?”
“你判断得很好，”Bennet先生说，“你很高兴你有着谄媚奉承的才能。”。请问这些令人愉快的关注是一时冲动还是先前研究的结果？“
“They arise chiefly from what is passing at the time, and though I   sometimes amuse myself with suggesting and arranging such little elegant   compliments as may be adapted to ordinary occasions, I always wish to give   them as unstudied an air as possible.”
“他们大半是看时间的流逝，虽然我有时自娱的建议和安排小恭维话可能适合普通场合，我总是希望给他们尽可能的自然的空气。”
Mr. Bennet’s expectations were fully answered. His cousin was as absurd as   he had hoped, and he listened to him with the keenest enjoyment,   maintaining at the same time the most resolute composure of countenance,   and, except in an occasional glance at Elizabeth, requiring no partner in   his pleasure.
Bennet先生的期望得到了充分的答复。他的表妹是他所希望的是荒谬的，他听了他最热衷的享受，同时保持最坚定的面容，沉着，除了偶尔瞥了一眼伊丽莎白，要求他的快乐没有伴侣。
By tea-time, however, the dose had been enough, and Mr. Bennet was glad to   take his guest into the drawing-room again, and, when tea was over, glad   to invite him to read aloud to the ladies. Mr. Collins readily assented,   and a book was produced; but, on beholding it (for everything announced it   to be from a circulating library), he started back, and begging pardon,   protested that he never read novels. Kitty stared at him, and Lydia   exclaimed. Other books were produced, and after some deliberation he chose   Fordyce’s Sermons. Lydia gaped as he opened the volume, and before he had,   with very monotonous solemnity, read three pages, she interrupted him   with:
不过，喝茶时间已经足够了，Bennet先生很高兴又把客人领进客厅，当茶点结束时，他很高兴邀请他朗读给女士们听。Collins先生欣然同意，和一本书的产生；但是，看见它（一切宣布它是从一个流动图书馆），他就开始背，乞求原谅，说他从来没有读过的小说。基蒂盯着他，丽迪雅惊叫道。产生了其他的书，和一些思考的书之后，他选择了。丽迪雅张口结舌的他打开音量，和他之前，一本正经地读了三页，她打断了他：
“Do you know, mamma, that my uncle Phillips talks of turning away Richard;   and if he does, Colonel Forster will hire him. My aunt told me so herself   on Saturday. I shall walk to Meryton to-morrow to hear more about it, and   to ask when Mr. Denny comes back from town.”
“你知道吗，妈妈，我的叔叔菲利浦斯说要把李察赶走，如果他这样做了，福斯特上校就会雇用他。”。我姑姑星期六亲自告诉我的。我明天要去多了解一些情况，并问丹尼先生什么时候从城里回来。”
Lydia was bid by her two eldest sisters to hold her tongue; but Mr.   Collins, much offended, laid aside his book, and said:
丽迪雅被她的两个大姐叫了起来，但Collins先生却很生气，把书放在一边，说：
“I have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of   a serious stamp, though written solely for their benefit. It amazes me, I   confess; for, certainly, there can be nothing so advantageous to them as   instruction. But I will no longer importune my young cousin.”
我经常看到年轻女士对一本严肃的邮票感兴趣，尽管这是为了他们的利益而写的。我真的很惊讶，我承认；，当然，没有什么是可以那样对他们有利的指令。但我不再强求我的表妹。”
Then turning to Mr. Bennet, he offered himself as his antagonist at   backgammon. Mr. Bennet accepted the challenge, observing that he acted   very wisely in leaving the girls to their own trifling amusements. Mrs.   Bennet and her daughters apologised most civilly for Lydia’s interruption,   and promised that it should not occur again, if he would resume his book;   but Mr. Collins, after assuring them that he bore his young cousin no   ill-will, and should never resent her behaviour as any affront, seated   himself at another table with Mr. Bennet, and prepared for backgammon.
然后转向Bennet先生，他提出自己是西洋棋的对手。Bennet先生接受了这一挑战，认为他把女孩留给自己的小娱乐是非常明智的。Bennet夫人和她的女儿丽迪雅的道歉最文明的中断，并保证它不会再发生，如果他能够恢复他的书；但是Collins先生，后向他们保证，他有他的表妹没有恶意，应该不会怨恨任何冒犯她的行为，自己坐在另一桌与Bennet先生，并准备五子棋。
Chapter 15
15章
Mr. Collins was not a sensible man, and the deficiency of nature had been   but little assisted by education or society; the greatest part of his life   having been spent under the guidance of an illiterate and miserly father;   and though he belonged to one of the universities, he had merely kept the   necessary terms, without forming at it any useful acquaintance. The   subjection in which his father had brought him up had given him originally   great humility of manner; but it was now a good deal counteracted by the   self-conceit of a weak head, living in retirement, and the consequential   feelings of early and unexpected prosperity. A fortunate chance had   recommended him to Lady Catherine de Bourgh when the living of Hunsford   was vacant; and the respect which he felt for her high rank, and his   veneration for her as his patroness, mingling with a very good opinion of   himself, of his authority as a clergyman, and his right as a rector, made   him altogether a mixture of pride and obsequiousness, self-importance and   humility.
Collins先生是不是一个明智的人，和自然的缺乏已经但通过教育或社会小辅助；他的生活是一个文盲和吝啬的父亲的指导下花费最大的部分；虽然他是一个大学，他只是保持必要的条款，并没有有用的朋友形成。他父亲把他养大，这使他本来是非常谦逊的，但现在却被一个虚弱的人的自负、退休的生活以及由此产生的早期和意想不到的繁荣所抵消了。一个幸运的机会，就推荐他到Catherine de Bourgh夫人在汉斯福的生活是空的；而尊重他对她的高阶和他的崇拜她作为自己的守护神，在一个很好的对自己的看法，他的权威作为一个牧师，他是校长，让他完全骄傲和令人生厌的混合物，自大和谦卑。
Having now a good house and a very sufficient income, he intended to   marry; and in seeking a reconciliation with the Longbourn family he had a   wife in view, as he meant to choose one of the daughters, if he found them   as handsome and amiable as they were represented by common report. This   was his plan of amends—of atonement—for inheriting their   father’s estate; and he thought it an excellent one, full of eligibility   and suitableness, and excessively generous and disinterested on his own   part.
现在有一个好的房子和充裕的收入，他打算结婚；在寻求和解与Longbourn一家的他有一个妻子，当他打算选择其中的一个女儿，如果他发现他们英俊和蔼的他们被共同的报告表示。这是他计划的修正赎继承她们父亲的遗产；他认为这是一个优秀的人，充满资格合宜，和公正的对自己的一部分。
His plan did not vary on seeing them. Miss Bennet’s lovely face confirmed   his views, and established all his strictest notions of what was due to   seniority; and for the first evening she was his settled choice.   The next morning, however, made an alteration; for in a quarter of an   hour’s tete-a-tete with Mrs. Bennet before breakfast, a conversation   beginning with his parsonage-house, and leading naturally to the avowal of   his hopes, that a mistress might be found for it at Longbourn, produced   from her, amid very complaisant smiles and general encouragement, a   caution against the very Jane he had fixed on. “As to her younger   daughters, she could not take upon her to say—she could not   positively answer—but she did not know of any prepossession;   her eldest daughter, she must just mention—she felt it   incumbent on her to hint, was likely to be very soon engaged.”
他的计划在见他们时没有变化。Bennet小姐可爱的面容证实了他的观点，确立了他对资历的严格看法；第一天晚上，她就成了他坚定的选择。次日早上，然而，做了一个改变；在一刻钟的女朋友Bennet太太在早餐前，与他的牧师的房子开始对话，并自然而然地把他希望的声明，一个女主人可能会发现它在Longbourn，由她在很殷勤的微笑和一般鼓励，一对非常简他选定的谨慎。“她的小女儿，她不可能对她说她不能正面回答但她不知道任何偏见；她的大女儿，她只是提到她觉得她暗示现任，可能很快就订婚了。”
Mr. Collins had only to change from Jane to Elizabeth—and it was   soon done—done while Mrs. Bennet was stirring the fire. Elizabeth,   equally next to Jane in birth and beauty, succeeded her of course.
Collins先生只好从简换到伊丽莎白，Bennet夫人在灭火时，事情很快就做完了。伊丽莎白在出生和美貌上和简一样，当然也继承了她。
Mrs. Bennet treasured up the hint, and trusted that she might soon have   two daughters married; and the man whom she could not bear to speak of the   day before was now high in her good graces.
Bennet太太很重视这一暗示，并相信她很快就会有两个女儿结婚，而她前一天不忍心说的那个男人现在已经很有风度了。
Lydia’s intention of walking to Meryton was not forgotten; every sister   except Mary agreed to go with her; and Mr. Collins was to attend them, at   the request of Mr. Bennet, who was most anxious to get rid of him, and   have his library to himself; for thither Mr. Collins had followed him   after breakfast; and there he would continue, nominally engaged with one   of the largest folios in the collection, but really talking to Mr. Bennet,   with little cessation, of his house and garden at Hunsford. Such doings   discomposed Mr. Bennet exceedingly. In his library he had been always sure   of leisure and tranquillity; and though prepared, as he told Elizabeth, to   meet with folly and conceit in every other room of the house, he was used   to be free from them there; his civility, therefore, was most prompt in   inviting Mr. Collins to join his daughters in their walk; and Mr. Collins,   being in fact much better fitted for a walker than a reader, was extremely   pleased to close his large book, and go.
丽迪雅打算走到Meryton不忘；除了玛丽同意她妹妹；Collins先生出席，在Bennet先生的请求，他急于想摆脱他，和他的图书馆自己；去Collins先生跟着他早餐后；及在那里他将继续，与集合中的一个大开本的名义上，但真的跟Bennet先生，没有停止，在汉斯福他的房子和花园。这样的行为，Bennet先生非常不安。在他的图书馆里他一直相信休闲和宁静；虽然准备的，他告诉伊丽莎白，会见在房子的其他房间的愚蠢和狂妄，他用的是免费的从他们那里；他的文明，因此，在邀请Collins加入他的女儿们走最提示；Collins先生，其实更适合步行者比一个读者，是合上书本非常高兴，去。
In pompous nothings on his side, and civil assents on that of his cousins,   their time passed till they entered Meryton. The attention of the younger   ones was then no longer to be gained by him. Their eyes were immediately   wandering up in the street in quest of the officers, and nothing less than   a very smart bonnet indeed, or a really new muslin in a shop window, could   recall them.
在浮夸的情话在他的身边，在他的堂兄弟民用资产，他们的时间的流逝，直到他们来到了麦里屯。年轻人的注意力就再也得不到他了。她们的眼睛立刻对着街头警察的任务，而且没有什么比的极漂亮的女帽，或者一个真正的新穆斯林在一家商店橱窗，还能回忆起他们。
But the attention of every lady was soon caught by a young man, whom they   had never seen before, of most gentlemanlike appearance, walking with   another officer on the other side of the way. The officer was the very Mr.   Denny concerning whose return from London Lydia came to inquire, and he   bowed as they passed. All were struck with the stranger’s air, all   wondered who he could be; and Kitty and Lydia, determined if possible to   find out, led the way across the street, under pretense of wanting   something in an opposite shop, and fortunately had just gained the   pavement when the two gentlemen, turning back, had reached the same spot.   Mr. Denny addressed them directly, and entreated permission to introduce   his friend, Mr. Wickham, who had returned with him the day before from   town, and he was happy to say had accepted a commission in their corps.   This was exactly as it should be; for the young man wanted only   regimentals to make him completely charming. His appearance was greatly in   his favour; he had all the best part of beauty, a fine countenance, a good   figure, and very pleasing address. The introduction was followed up on his   side by a happy readiness of conversation—a readiness at the same   time perfectly correct and unassuming; and the whole party were still   standing and talking together very agreeably, when the sound of horses   drew their notice, and Darcy and Bingley were seen riding down the street.   On distinguishing the ladies of the group, the two gentlemen came directly   towards them, and began the usual civilities. Bingley was the principal   spokesman, and Miss Bennet the principal object. He was then, he said, on   his way to Longbourn on purpose to inquire after her. Mr. Darcy   corroborated it with a bow, and was beginning to determine not to fix his   eyes on Elizabeth, when they were suddenly arrested by the sight of the   stranger, and Elizabeth happening to see the countenance of both as they   looked at each other, was all astonishment at the effect of the meeting.   Both changed colour, one looked white, the other red. Mr. Wickham, after a   few moments, touched his hat—a salutation which Mr. Darcy just   deigned to return. What could be the meaning of it? It was impossible to   imagine; it was impossible not to long to know.
但每一位女士的注意力很快就被一个年轻人抓住了，他们从来没有见过的，最有绅士派头，走路跟一个军官在路的另一边。军官正是丹尼先生从伦敦返回来问丽迪雅的，他向他鞠躬，他们通过。所有的人都被陌生人的空气吓了一跳，都不知道他会是谁；基蒂和丽迪雅决定，如果可能的话，在街对面过马路，假装在对面的商店里想要什么东西，幸运的是，当两个绅士转过身来时，他们已经到达了人行道。丹尼先生马上招呼她们，并恳求允许介绍他的朋友威克姆先生，他已经回到前一天从镇上他，他很高兴地说他们队接受佣金。这正是应该的；对于年轻人只想让他完全迷人的军服。他的外貌非常有利于他，他有美丽的容貌，漂亮的面容，漂亮的身材，非常讨人喜欢的住址。介绍了跟他身边的同时完全正确和不起眼的conversation-a准备一个快乐的准备；他们正站在那儿谈得很投机，当马蹄声吸引了他们的注意，达西和宾利骑马走在街上。在区分群体的女士们，先生们都直接向他们两，开始平常的客套。宾利是主要发言人，Bennet小姐是主要对象。然后，他说，在去Longbourn的路上故意去打听她。达西先生鞠了一躬证实了这一点，并开始决定不盯着伊丽莎白，当他们突然被陌生人看到时，伊丽莎白看到彼此的表情时，都惊讶于会议的效果。两个颜色都变了，一个看起来是白色的，另一个是红色的。威克姆先生，几分钟后，摸了摸他的hat-a称呼达西先生只是屈尊返回。这可能是什么意思呢？难以想象；不可能长久不知道。
In another minute, Mr. Bingley, but without seeming to have noticed what   passed, took leave and rode on with his friend.
过了一会儿，宾利先生似乎没有注意到什么经过，便走了，和他的朋友坐在一起。
Mr. Denny and Mr. Wickham walked with the young ladies to the door of Mr.   Phillip’s house, and then made their bows, in spite of Miss Lydia’s   pressing entreaties that they should come in, and even in spite of Mrs.   Phillips’s throwing up the parlour window and loudly seconding the   invitation.
丹尼先生和威克姆先生走在年轻女士菲利浦先生家的门，然后作出自己的弓，在丽迪雅小姐的迫切恳求下，他们来了，甚至在菲利浦斯太太扔了客厅的窗户大声支持的邀请，尽管。
Mrs. Phillips was always glad to see her nieces; and the two eldest, from   their recent absence, were particularly welcome, and she was eagerly   expressing her surprise at their sudden return home, which, as their own   carriage had not fetched them, she should have known nothing about, if she   had not happened to see Mr. Jones’s shop-boy in the street, who had told   her that they were not to send any more draughts to Netherfield because   the Miss Bennets were come away, when her civility was claimed towards Mr.   Collins by Jane’s introduction of him. She received him with her very best   politeness, which he returned with as much more, apologising for his   intrusion, without any previous acquaintance with her, which he could not   help flattering himself, however, might be justified by his relationship   to the young ladies who introduced him to her notice. Mrs. Phillips was   quite awed by such an excess of good breeding; but her contemplation of   one stranger was soon put to an end by exclamations and inquiries about   the other; of whom, however, she could only tell her nieces what they   already knew, that Mr. Denny had brought him from London, and that he was   to have a lieutenant’s commission in the ——shire. She had been   watching him the last hour, she said, as he walked up and down the street,   and had Mr. Wickham appeared, Kitty and Lydia would certainly have   continued the occupation, but unluckily no one passed windows now except a   few of the officers, who, in comparison with the stranger, were become   “stupid, disagreeable fellows.” Some of them were to dine with the   Phillipses the next day, and their aunt promised to make her husband call   on Mr. Wickham, and give him an invitation also, if the family from   Longbourn would come in the evening. This was agreed to, and Mrs. Phillips   protested that they would have a nice comfortable noisy game of lottery   tickets, and a little bit of hot supper afterwards. The prospect of such   delights was very cheering, and they parted in mutual good spirits. Mr.   Collins repeated his apologies in quitting the room, and was assured with   unwearying civility that they were perfectly needless.
菲利浦斯夫人总是高兴地看到她的侄女；和两个年纪大的，从最近的缺席，特别受欢迎，她急切地表达她的惊讶他们突然回家，其中，作为自己的马车也不是遥不可及的，她应该知道，如果她没有在街上看到琼斯先生的店的男孩的事，他告诉她他们不发送任何更多的女儿Netherfield因为贝内茨小姐已经走了，当她礼貌地向Collins先生声称他通过简的介绍。她收到了他与她最好的礼貌，他又与尽可能多的，因为他的入侵道歉，没有任何与她以前的熟人，他忍不住奉承自己，然而，可能是因他的关系，年轻的女士把他介绍给了她的注意。菲利浦斯太太很敬畏这种过剩教养；但她沉思一个陌生人很快就投入到对其他感叹词和查询结束；其中，然而，她只能告诉她侄女他们已经知道，丹尼先生把他从伦敦带来的，而且他有一个中尉的委员会在Shire。她说她一直在看他近一个小时，他在街上走来走去，并有威克姆先生的出现，吉蒂和丽迪雅一定还要继续占领，但不幸的是，没有一个通过Windows现在除了少数的官员，谁，与陌生人相比，被成为“愚蠢的，讨厌的家伙”。他们中的一些人有一天phillipses吃饭，和他们的阿姨答应让她丈夫威克姆先生的电话，也向他发出邀请，如果从Longbourn的家庭会在晚上。这一点得到了同意，菲利浦斯太太抗议说，他们将有一场愉快的、喧闹的彩票比赛，之后还有一顿热腾腾的晚餐。这种欢乐的前景令人欢呼，他们彼此友好地分手了。Collins先生一再道歉，退出房间，并保证与不倦的礼貌，他们完全不必要。
As they walked home, Elizabeth related to Jane what she had seen pass   between the two gentlemen; but though Jane would have defended either or   both, had they appeared to be in the wrong, she could no more explain such   behaviour than her sister.
当他们走回家时，伊丽莎白和简有关她在两个绅士之间所看到的东西，但尽管简会为其中之一或两者辩护，如果他们看上去是错的，她就不能比她姐姐解释这种行为了。
Mr. Collins on his return highly gratified Mrs. Bennet by admiring Mrs.   Phillips’s manners and politeness. He protested that, except Lady   Catherine and her daughter, he had never seen a more elegant woman; for   she had not only received him with the utmost civility, but even pointedly   included him in her invitation for the next evening, although utterly   unknown to her before. Something, he supposed, might be attributed to his   connection with them, but yet he had never met with so much attention in   the whole course of his life.
Collins先生回来时，很欣赏菲利浦斯太太的礼貌和礼貌，使Bennet太太非常高兴。他抗议说，除了Lady Catherine和她的女儿，他从来没有见过一个更优雅的女人，因为她不仅礼貌地接待了他，而且甚至明确地把他列入了第二个晚上的邀请，尽管她以前完全不知道。他认为有些东西可能是由于他和他们的关系，但他一生中从未遇到过如此多的关注。
Chapter 16
16章
As no objection was made to the young people’s engagement with their aunt,   and all Mr. Collins’s scruples of leaving Mr. and Mrs. Bennet for a single   evening during his visit were most steadily resisted, the coach conveyed   him and his five cousins at a suitable hour to Meryton; and the girls had   the pleasure of hearing, as they entered the drawing-room, that Mr.   Wickham had accepted their uncle’s invitation, and was then in the house.
因为没有人提出异议的年轻人的参与，他们的阿姨，和所有离开Bennet先生和太太一晚上在他访问期间，Collins先生的顾虑是最稳定的抵制，教练把他和他的五个兄弟在合适的时间去；而女孩听的乐趣，如他们走进客厅，威克姆先生接受了叔叔的邀请，然后在房子里。
When this information was given, and they had all taken their seats, Mr.   Collins was at leisure to look around him and admire, and he was so much   struck with the size and furniture of the apartment, that he declared he   might almost have supposed himself in the small summer breakfast parlour   at Rosings; a comparison that did not at first convey much gratification;   but when Mrs. Phillips understood from him what Rosings was, and who was   its proprietor—when she had listened to the description of only one   of Lady Catherine’s drawing-rooms, and found that the chimney-piece alone   had cost eight hundred pounds, she felt all the force of the compliment,   and would hardly have resented a comparison with the housekeeper’s room.
当这个信息，他们都有了自己的座位上，Collins先生是在休闲看他也佩服，他是如此被公寓的大小和家具，他说他也许以为他在小夏的早餐店罗新斯；比较不首先传达了许多的满足感；但当菲利浦斯太太知道他是Rosings，和它的主人是谁时，她听了只有一个Lady Catherine的绘画室的描述，发现壁炉便花费了八百英镑，她觉得所有的赞美的力量，也不会怨恨随着管家的房间比较。
In describing to her all the grandeur of Lady Catherine and her mansion,   with occasional digressions in praise of his own humble abode, and the   improvements it was receiving, he was happily employed until the gentlemen   joined them; and he found in Mrs. Phillips a very attentive listener,   whose opinion of his consequence increased with what she heard, and who   was resolving to retail it all among her neighbours as soon as she could.   To the girls, who could not listen to their cousin, and who had nothing to   do but to wish for an instrument, and examine their own indifferent   imitations of china on the mantelpiece, the interval of waiting appeared   very long. It was over at last, however. The gentlemen did approach, and   when Mr. Wickham walked into the room, Elizabeth felt that she had neither   been seeing him before, nor thinking of him since, with the smallest   degree of unreasonable admiration. The officers of the ——shire   were in general a very creditable, gentlemanlike set, and the best of them   were of the present party; but Mr. Wickham was as far beyond them all in   person, countenance, air, and walk, as they were superior to the   broad-faced, stuffy uncle Phillips, breathing port wine, who followed them   into the room.
在描述所有Lady Catherine和她的堂皇的她，在自己的蜗居赞美偶尔离题，和改进它的接收，他高兴地到各位加入他们；他发现菲利浦斯夫人的一个很好的倾听者，她对他的后果意见与她所听到的增加，和谁是解决零售它所有的邻居就可以在。的女孩，谁也不会听他们的表弟，谁都希望一个仪器，并检查自己的冷漠模仿中国在壁炉架上，等待的时间很长。然而，这一切终于结束了。绅士们走近了，当威克姆先生走进房间时，伊丽莎白觉得她以前从来没有见过他，也没有想到他，因为他受到了不合理的赞美。军官对Shire一般都很体面，绅士，和他们最好的本党；但威克姆先生是远远超越他们所有的人，脸上，空气，走路，他们优越的宽脸，闷闷的菲利浦斯大叔，呼吸口酒，谁跟着他们进了房间。
Mr. Wickham was the happy man towards whom almost every female eye was   turned, and Elizabeth was the happy woman by whom he finally seated   himself; and the agreeable manner in which he immediately fell into   conversation, though it was only on its being a wet night, made her feel   that the commonest, dullest, most threadbare topic might be rendered   interesting by the skill of the speaker.
威克姆先生是个快乐的人对他们，几乎每一个女性转过目光，伊丽莎白是幸福的女人在他最后坐；和令人愉快的方式，他立即陷入了谈话，虽然它只有在其是一个潮湿的夜晚，让她感到最常见，最无聊，最陈腐的话题可能被演讲者的技巧变得有趣。
With such rivals for the notice of the fair as Mr. Wickham and the   officers, Mr. Collins seemed to sink into insignificance; to the young   ladies he certainly was nothing; but he had still at intervals a kind   listener in Mrs. Phillips, and was by her watchfulness, most abundantly   supplied with coffee and muffin. When the card-tables were placed, he had   the opportunity of obliging her in turn, by sitting down to whist.
与这样的对手为交易会的通知威克姆先生和军官，Collins先生似乎陷入了困境；对年轻的女士来说他什么也不是；但他仍然每隔一种听众在菲利浦斯太太和她的警觉，最丰富的供应咖啡和松饼。当卡表被放置，他反过来她乐于助人的机会，坐下来要打惠斯特牌。
“I know little of the game at present,” said he, “but I shall be glad to   improve myself, for in my situation in life—” Mrs. Phillips was very   glad for his compliance, but could not wait for his reason.
“我现在对这场比赛知之甚少，”他说，“但我很高兴能提高自己，因为在我的生活中，”菲利浦斯太太对他的顺从感到非常高兴，但又等不及他的理由了。
Mr. Wickham did not play at whist, and with ready delight was he received   at the other table between Elizabeth and Lydia. At first there seemed   danger of Lydia’s engrossing him entirely, for she was a most determined   talker; but being likewise extremely fond of lottery tickets, she soon   grew too much interested in the game, too eager in making bets and   exclaiming after prizes to have attention for anyone in particular.   Allowing for the common demands of the game, Mr. Wickham was therefore at   leisure to talk to Elizabeth, and she was very willing to hear him, though   what she chiefly wished to hear she could not hope to be told—the   history of his acquaintance with Mr. Darcy. She dared not even mention   that gentleman. Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly relieved. Mr.   Wickham began the subject himself. He inquired how far Netherfield was   from Meryton; and, after receiving her answer, asked in a hesitating   manner how long Mr. Darcy had been staying there.
威克姆先生没有玩惠斯特牌，并准备好欣喜的是他在伊丽莎白和丽迪雅之间的另一台接收。起初，似乎丽迪雅和他完全是危险的，因为她是一个最坚决的人；但也同样非常喜欢彩票，她很快就在游戏中过多的兴趣，急于下注，得奖之后要注意说任何人。因此，考虑到比赛的共同要求，威克姆先生很空闲地与伊丽莎白交谈，她非常愿意听他讲话，尽管她主要希望听到的是，她不希望被告知他与达西先生相识的历史。她甚至不敢提起那位先生。然而她的好奇心却出乎意料地松了一口气。威克姆先生自己开始了这个话题。他询问Netherfield远从麦里屯；，接收她的回答后，在迟疑多久，达西先生已经在那儿待问。
“About a month,” said Elizabeth; and then, unwilling to let the subject   drop, added, “He is a man of very large property in Derbyshire, I   understand.”
“大约一个月，”伊丽莎白说；然后，不愿放下这个话题，说，“他是一个非常大的财产在Derbyshire，我明白。”
“Yes,” replied Mr. Wickham; “his estate there is a noble one. A clear ten   thousand per annum. You could not have met with a person more capable of   giving you certain information on that head than myself, for I have been   connected with his family in a particular manner from my infancy.”
“是的，”威克姆先生回答说，“他的庄园里有一座高尚的房子。每年一万英镑。你不可能遇到一个比我更能给你一些关于那个人的信息的人，因为我从小就以一种特殊的方式和他的家人联系在一起。
Elizabeth could not but look surprised.
伊丽莎白不得不惊讶地看着。
“You may well be surprised, Miss Bennet, at such an assertion, after   seeing, as you probably might, the very cold manner of our meeting   yesterday. Are you much acquainted with Mr. Darcy?”
“你可能会很惊讶，”Bennet小姐这样说，“也许你可能会看，我们昨天开会的态度很冷淡。”。你和达西先生熟吗？“
“As much as I ever wish to be,” cried Elizabeth very warmly. “I have spent   four days in the same house with him, and I think him very disagreeable.”
“就像我希望的那样，”伊丽莎白热情地喊道。“我和他在一起住了四天，我觉得他很讨厌。”
“I have no right to give my opinion,” said Wickham, “as to his   being agreeable or otherwise. I am not qualified to form one. I have known   him too long and too well to be a fair judge. It is impossible for me   to be impartial. But I believe your opinion of him would in general   astonish—and perhaps you would not express it quite so strongly   anywhere else. Here you are in your own family.”
“我无权发表我的意见，”威克姆说，“不管他是赞成还是反对。我没有资格组成一个。我认识他太久了，太不公正了。对我来说，不偏不倚是不可能的。但我相信，你对他的看法基本上会震惊，也许你会不那么强烈的地方表达。这是你自己的家。”
“Upon my word, I say no more here than I might say in any house in   the neighbourhood, except Netherfield. He is not at all liked in   Hertfordshire. Everybody is disgusted with his pride. You will not find   him more favourably spoken of by anyone.”
“哎，我说，没有人比我可以说在附近的任何一家在这里，除了Netherfield。他一点都不喜欢赫特福德郡。人人都讨厌他的傲慢。你不会发现他比任何人都更为友好。”
“I cannot pretend to be sorry,” said Wickham, after a short interruption,   “that he or that any man should not be estimated beyond their deserts; but   with him I believe it does not often happen. The world is blinded   by his fortune and consequence, or frightened by his high and imposing   manners, and sees him only as he chooses to be seen.”
“我不能假装抱歉，”威克姆打断了他的话后说，“他或任何人不应该被估计超出他们的沙漠，但我相信他不会经常发生这种情况。世界被他的财富和后果蒙蔽了双眼，或被他那高贵的举止所惊吓，只看到他选择被人看见。
“I should take him, even on my slight acquaintance, to be an   ill-tempered man.” Wickham only shook his head.
“即使是我的一个熟人，我也要把他当作一个脾气暴躁的人。”威克姆只是摇了摇头。
“I wonder,” said he, at the next opportunity of speaking, “whether he is   likely to be in this country much longer.”
“我不知道，”他说，在下一个机会说，“他是否可能在这个国家更长的时间。”
“I do not at all know; but I heard nothing of his going away when I   was at Netherfield. I hope your plans in favour of the ——shire   will not be affected by his being in the neighbourhood.”
“我不知道；但我听说他要走什么时，我在Netherfield。我希望你对夏尔的计划不会受到他邻居的影响。
“Oh! no—it is not for me to be driven away by Mr. Darcy. If   he wishes to avoid seeing me, he must go. We are not on   friendly terms, and it always gives me pain to meet him, but I have no   reason for avoiding him but what I might proclaim before all the   world, a sense of very great ill-usage, and most painful regrets at his   being what he is. His father, Miss Bennet, the late Mr. Darcy, was one of   the best men that ever breathed, and the truest friend I ever had; and I   can never be in company with this Mr. Darcy without being grieved to the   soul by a thousand tender recollections. His behaviour to myself has been   scandalous; but I verily believe I could forgive him anything and   everything, rather than his disappointing the hopes and disgracing the   memory of his father.”
“哦！不，我不会被达西先生赶走的。如果他想不见我，他就得走。我们不是友好相处的人，见到他总是让我感到痛苦，但我没有理由回避他，而是我可以在全世界宣布的是一种非常不好用的感觉，以及对他是什么的最痛苦的遗憾。他的父亲，Bennet小姐，已故的达西先生，是有史以来最好的人之一，是我最真诚的朋友；我永远也不能和这位达西先生在一起，而不因一千次温柔的回忆而伤心。他对待我的行为真是可耻的；但我真的相信我一切都能原谅他，而不是他令人失望的希望和侮辱父亲的记忆。”
Elizabeth found the interest of the subject increase, and listened with   all her heart; but the delicacy of it prevented further inquiry.
伊丽莎白发现这个话题的兴趣增加了，她认真地听着，但它的微妙之处阻止了进一步的调查。
Mr. Wickham began to speak on more general topics, Meryton, the   neighbourhood, the society, appearing highly pleased with all that he had   yet seen, and speaking of the latter with gentle but very intelligible   gallantry.
威克姆先生开始在更普遍的话题，说麦里屯，邻里社会，出现他所见过的非常高兴，说温柔后者但很理解勇敢。
“It was the prospect of constant society, and good society,” he added,   “which was my chief inducement to enter the ——shire. I knew it   to be a most respectable, agreeable corps, and my friend Denny tempted me   further by his account of their present quarters, and the very great   attentions and excellent acquaintances Meryton had procured them. Society,   I own, is necessary to me. I have been a disappointed man, and my spirits   will not bear solitude. I must have employment and society. A   military life is not what I was intended for, but circumstances have now   made it eligible. The church ought to have been my profession—I   was brought up for the church, and I should at this time have been in   possession of a most valuable living, had it pleased the gentleman we were   speaking of just now.”
“这是一个不断发展的社会和良好社会的前景，”他补充说，“这是我进入夏尔的主要动机。我知道这是一个最受人尊敬的、令人愉快的兵团，和我的朋友丹尼引诱我进一步他目前的季度帐户，和非常关注和优良的熟人去弄到他们。我拥有的社会对我来说是必要的。我是一个失望的人，我的精神无法忍受孤独。我必须有就业和社会。军人的生活不是我想要的，但是现在的环境使它有资格。教会应该是我的profession-i了教堂，我应该在这段时间一直在一个最有价值的生活占有，它高兴的绅士，我们刚刚谈到了。”
“Indeed!”
“事实上！“
“Yes—the late Mr. Darcy bequeathed me the next presentation of the   best living in his gift. He was my godfather, and excessively attached to   me. I cannot do justice to his kindness. He meant to provide for me amply,   and thought he had done it; but when the living fell, it was given   elsewhere.”
“是已故的达西先生给我他的礼物最好的生活下介绍。他是我的教父，非常疼爱我。我不能公正地对待他的好意。他想给我充足的钱，以为他已经这样做了；可是当生活倒下来的时候，它却被放在别处了。”
“Good heavens!” cried Elizabeth; “but how could that be? How could   his will be disregarded? Why did you not seek legal redress?”
“老天爷！伊丽莎白叫道，“那怎么可能呢？”他的话怎么会被忽视呢？你为什么不寻求法律赔偿？“
“There was just such an informality in the terms of the bequest as to give   me no hope from law. A man of honour could not have doubted the intention,   but Mr. Darcy chose to doubt it—or to treat it as a merely   conditional recommendation, and to assert that I had forfeited all claim   to it by extravagance, imprudence—in short anything or nothing.   Certain it is, that the living became vacant two years ago, exactly as I   was of an age to hold it, and that it was given to another man; and no   less certain is it, that I cannot accuse myself of having really done   anything to deserve to lose it. I have a warm, unguarded temper, and I may   have spoken my opinion of him, and to him, too freely. I can   recall nothing worse. But the fact is, that we are very different sort of   men, and that he hates me.”
“有这样一个非正式的遗赠条款给我没有希望从法。一个正直的人是不会怀疑的意图，但达西先生选择了怀疑它或把它作为一个单纯的条件推荐，并断言我已经丧失了所有的奢侈的要求吧，总之什么都不。确切地说，两年前的那一年，我的生活变得空虚，正如我当时所掌握的那样，它是给另一个人的；我也不能肯定，我不能指责自己真的做了任何该失去的事。我有一个温暖的，没有脾气，我可以说我对他的看法，和他，太自由了。我再也记不得更糟的事了。但事实是，我们是截然不同的一类人，他恨我。”
“This is quite shocking! He deserves to be publicly disgraced.”
“这太令人震惊了！他应该被当众羞辱。”
“Some time or other he will be—but it shall not be by me.   Till I can forget his father, I can never defy or expose him.”
“有时他会来，但不会是我。”。除非我能忘记他的父亲，否则我永远不会蔑视他或揭发他。”
Elizabeth honoured him for such feelings, and thought him handsomer than   ever as he expressed them.
伊丽莎白十分钦佩他这种感情，并认为他比以前更帅出来他。
“But what,” said she, after a pause, “can have been his motive? What can   have induced him to behave so cruelly?”
“但是，”她停顿了一下说，“可能是他的动机吗？是什么使他行为如此残忍？“
“A thorough, determined dislike of me—a dislike which I cannot but   attribute in some measure to jealousy. Had the late Mr. Darcy liked me   less, his son might have borne with me better; but his father’s uncommon   attachment to me irritated him, I believe, very early in life. He had not   a temper to bear the sort of competition in which we stood—the sort   of preference which was often given me.”
“我不喜欢彻底的，确定我不会但属性在某种程度上嫉妒讨厌。如果已故的达西先生不那么喜欢我，他的儿子也许会对我更好一些，但我父亲相信他对我的不寻常的依恋激怒了他。他没有一种脾气来忍受那种竞争，在这种竞争中，我们往往是那种偏爱我的人。
“I had not thought Mr. Darcy so bad as this—though I have never   liked him. I had not thought so very ill of him. I had supposed him to be   despising his fellow-creatures in general, but did not suspect him of   descending to such malicious revenge, such injustice, such inhumanity as   this.”
“我从没想到达西先生这么坏，尽管我从来没有喜欢过他。”。我没想到他病得这么重。我还以为他是看不起自己的同类，却不曾想到他降到这样的恶意报复，这样不公平，这样的不人道的了。”
After a few minutes’ reflection, however, she continued, “I do   remember his boasting one day, at Netherfield, of the implacability of his   resentments, of his having an unforgiving temper. His disposition must be   dreadful.”
几分钟的思考，不过之后，她继续说，“我记得有一次他在尼日斐花园，，对他的怨恨的冷漠无情，他无情的脾气。他的性格一定很可怕。”
“I will not trust myself on the subject,” replied Wickham; “I can hardly   be just to him.”
“我不会相信这个问题，”威克姆回答说，“我简直无法接近他。”
Elizabeth was again deep in thought, and after a time exclaimed, “To treat   in such a manner the godson, the friend, the favourite of his father!” She   could have added, “A young man, too, like you, whose very   countenance may vouch for your being amiable”—but she contented   herself with, “and one, too, who had probably been his companion from   childhood, connected together, as I think you said, in the closest   manner!”
伊丽莎白又一次陷入沉思，一段时间后惊呼，“以这样的方式教子，朋友请客，他父亲最喜欢的！“她会说，“一个年轻人，也像你一样，他们的表情可以担保你随和”，但她满足自己，”，也有可能是他的同伴从童年，连接在一起，因为我认为你所说的，在最近的方式！“
“We were born in the same parish, within the same park; the greatest part   of our youth was passed together; inmates of the same house, sharing the   same amusements, objects of the same parental care. My father began   life in the profession which your uncle, Mr. Phillips, appears to do so   much credit to—but he gave up everything to be of use to the late   Mr. Darcy and devoted all his time to the care of the Pemberley property.   He was most highly esteemed by Mr. Darcy, a most intimate, confidential   friend. Mr. Darcy often acknowledged himself to be under the greatest   obligations to my father’s active superintendence, and when, immediately   before my father’s death, Mr. Darcy gave him a voluntary promise of   providing for me, I am convinced that he felt it to be as much a debt of   gratitude to him, as of his affection to myself.”
“我们出生在同一个教区，在同一个公园里，我们年轻人的大部分时间都是一起度过的；同一所房子的囚犯们，共享同样的娱乐，同样的父母照顾的对象。我父亲的职业，你的叔叔，菲利浦斯先生开始生活，似乎做了那么多信贷，但他放弃了一切可以使用的已故的达西先生，把自己的全部时间都倾注到彭伯里的财产监护。他是达西先生最为尊敬的人，他是一位最亲密、最机密的朋友。达西先生经常承认自己是最大的责任在我父亲的积极监督，及时，马上我父亲去世之前，达西先生给了他一个自愿承诺提供给我的，我相信，他觉得这是更感激他债务，作为他的爱自己”。
“How strange!” cried Elizabeth. “How abominable! I wonder that the very   pride of this Mr. Darcy has not made him just to you! If from no better   motive, that he should not have been too proud to be dishonest—for   dishonesty I must call it.”
“真奇怪！伊丽莎白喊道。“真可恶！我想知道这位达西先生的自豪感并没有使他对你感兴趣！如果没有更好的动机，他不应该太骄傲，不诚实不诚实，我必须称之为“不诚实”。
“It is wonderful,” replied Wickham, “for almost all his actions may   be traced to pride; and pride had often been his best friend. It has   connected him nearer with virtue than with any other feeling. But we are   none of us consistent, and in his behaviour to me there were stronger   impulses even than pride.”
“太好了，”威克姆回答说，“因为他几乎所有的行动都可以追溯到骄傲，而骄傲常常是他最好的朋友。这使他更接近于美德而不是任何其他感觉。但我们没有一个是一致的，在他的行为中，我有比傲慢更强烈的冲动。”
“Can such abominable pride as his have ever done him good?”
“他这样傲慢的傲慢对他有什么好处吗？”“
“Yes. It has often led him to be liberal and generous, to give his money   freely, to display hospitality, to assist his tenants, and relieve the   poor. Family pride, and filial pride—for he is very proud of   what his father was—have done this. Not to appear to disgrace his   family, to degenerate from the popular qualities, or lose the influence of   the Pemberley House, is a powerful motive. He has also brotherly   pride, which, with some brotherly affection, makes him a very kind   and careful guardian of his sister, and you will hear him generally cried   up as the most attentive and best of brothers.”
“是的。这常常使他变得慷慨大方，慷慨大方，殷勤好客，帮助佃户，救济穷人。家庭骄傲和孝顺骄傲，因为他为他父亲所做的感到骄傲。不要有辱他的家人，并从众望，或失去房子的彭伯里的影响，是一种强大的动力。他也有兄弟般的骄傲，他有着兄弟般的慈爱，使他成为一个非常和善和细心保护他妹妹的人，你会听到他通常被认为是最细心和最好的兄弟。
“What sort of girl is Miss Darcy?”
“达西小姐是什么样的姑娘？”“
He shook his head. “I wish I could call her amiable. It gives me pain to   speak ill of a Darcy. But she is too much like her brother—very,   very proud. As a child, she was affectionate and pleasing, and extremely   fond of me; and I have devoted hours and hours to her amusement. But she   is nothing to me now. She is a handsome girl, about fifteen or sixteen,   and, I understand, highly accomplished. Since her father’s death, her home   has been London, where a lady lives with her, and superintends her   education.”
他摇了摇头。“我希望我能叫她和蔼可亲。”。说达西坏话真让我痛苦。但是她太像她哥哥了，非常非常骄傲。小时候，她很亲切，很讨人喜欢，而且非常喜欢我，我花了好几个小时的时间陪她玩。但她现在对我毫无意义。她是一个英俊的女孩，大约十五岁或十六岁，我知道，她很有成就。她父亲去世以后，她的家是伦敦，一个女人与她的生活，教她读书。”
After many pauses and many trials of other subjects, Elizabeth could not   help reverting once more to the first, and saying:
经过许多停顿和许多其他学科的试验，伊丽莎白忍不住再次回到第一位，说：
“I am astonished at his intimacy with Mr. Bingley! How can Mr. Bingley,   who seems good humour itself, and is, I really believe, truly amiable, be   in friendship with such a man? How can they suit each other? Do you know   Mr. Bingley?”
他与宾利先生的亲密关系使我感到惊讶！宾利先生，谁似乎是好的幽默本身，是，我真的相信，真的和蔼可亲，与这样一个男人的友谊？他们怎么能互相适合呢？你认识宾利先生吗？“
“Not at all.”
“一点也不。”
“He is a sweet-tempered, amiable, charming man. He cannot know what Mr.   Darcy is.”
他是一个脾气温和，和蔼可亲，迷人的男人。他不知道达西先生是干什么的。”
“Probably not; but Mr. Darcy can please where he chooses. He does not want   abilities. He can be a conversible companion if he thinks it worth his   while. Among those who are at all his equals in consequence, he is a very   different man from what he is to the less prosperous. His pride never   deserts him; but with the rich he is liberal-minded, just, sincere,   rational, honourable, and perhaps agreeable—allowing something for   fortune and figure.”
“可能不会，但达西先生可以请他选择的地方。”。他不需要能力。他可以在他认为他是一个健谈的同伴而值得。在那些与他平等的人中，他是一个非常不同的人。他的骄傲从来没有抛弃过他；但对于富人来说，他是开明的、正直的、真诚的、理性的、可敬的，也许是乐于接受财富和人物的东西的。”
The whist party soon afterwards breaking up, the players gathered round   the other table and Mr. Collins took his station between his cousin   Elizabeth and Mrs. Phillips. The usual inquiries as to his success were   made by the latter. It had not been very great; he had lost every point;   but when Mrs. Phillips began to express her concern thereupon, he assured   her with much earnest gravity that it was not of the least importance,   that he considered the money as a mere trifle, and begged that she would   not make herself uneasy.
的惠斯特牌散场了，球员们聚集在其他表和Collins先生把他的站，他的表妹伊丽莎白和菲利浦斯太太之间。关于他成功的通常情况是由后者作出的。这不是很好，他失去了每一个要点；但是当菲利浦斯太太开始表达她的关心时，他用严肃的严肃心情向她保证，他把钱视为微不足道的小事，并恳求她不要使自己感到不安。
“I know very well, madam,” said he, “that when persons sit down to a   card-table, they must take their chances of these things, and happily I am   not in such circumstances as to make five shillings any object. There are   undoubtedly many who could not say the same, but thanks to Lady Catherine   de Bourgh, I am removed far beyond the necessity of regarding little   matters.”
“我知道得很清楚，夫人，”他说，“当人们坐到牌桌上时，他们必须抓住这些机会，而幸运的是，我不是在这样的情况下，使五先令任何对象。无疑有许多人不能这样说，但由于凯瑟琳夫人，我删除远远超出了必要性的小问题。”
Mr. Wickham’s attention was caught; and after observing Mr. Collins for a   few moments, he asked Elizabeth in a low voice whether her relation was   very intimately acquainted with the family of de Bourgh.
威克姆先生的注意力被捉住；后观察Collins先生一会儿，他低声问伊丽莎白，她是否关系非常熟悉de Bourgh的家庭。
“Lady Catherine de Bourgh,” she replied, “has very lately given him a   living. I hardly know how Mr. Collins was first introduced to her notice,   but he certainly has not known her long.”
“Catherine de Bourgh小姐，”她回答，“最近给了他一个生活。我几乎不知道Collins先生是怎么被介绍给她注意的，但他肯定认识她很久了。”
“You know of course that Lady Catherine de Bourgh and Lady Anne Darcy were   sisters; consequently that she is aunt to the present Mr. Darcy.”
“你当然知道，凯瑟琳夫人和Lady Anne Darcy是姐妹；因此她阿姨到现在的达西先生。”
“No, indeed, I did not. I knew nothing at all of Lady Catherine’s   connections. I never heard of her existence till the day before   yesterday.”
“不，事实上，我没有。我对Lady Catherine的关系一无所知。我直到前天才听说她的存在。”
“Her daughter, Miss de Bourgh, will have a very large fortune, and it is   believed that she and her cousin will unite the two estates.”
“她的女儿，de Bourgh小姐，会有一个非常大的财富，大家都相信她和她的表妹将团结两屋。”
This information made Elizabeth smile, as she thought of poor Miss   Bingley. Vain indeed must be all her attentions, vain and useless her   affection for his sister and her praise of himself, if he were already   self-destined for another.
这一信息使伊丽莎白笑了，因为她想起了可怜的宾利小姐。虚荣，毫无用处，她对他妹妹的爱慕和对他自己的赞美，如果他已经注定要成为另一个的话，那一定是徒劳的。
“Mr. Collins,” said she, “speaks highly both of Lady Catherine and her   daughter; but from some particulars that he has related of her ladyship, I   suspect his gratitude misleads him, and that in spite of her being his   patroness, she is an arrogant, conceited woman.”
“Collins先生，”她说，“说到Lady Catherine和她的女儿高；但从一些细节，他夫人的关系，我怀疑他的感恩误导他，尽管她是他的恩人，她是一个傲慢的，自大的女人。”
“I believe her to be both in a great degree,” replied Wickham; “I have not   seen her for many years, but I very well remember that I never liked her,   and that her manners were dictatorial and insolent. She has the reputation   of being remarkably sensible and clever; but I rather believe she derives   part of her abilities from her rank and fortune, part from her   authoritative manner, and the rest from the pride for her nephew, who   chooses that everyone connected with him should have an understanding of   the first class.”
“我相信她会在很大程度上，”威克姆说；“我有多少年没见过她，但我很清楚地记得，我从来都不喜欢她，和她的举止专横和傲慢。她有着非常聪明和聪明的名声，但我相信她从她的地位和财富中获得了一部分能力，部分来自她权威的态度，其余的来自她侄子的骄傲，她选择了与他有联系的每个人都应该对第一堂课有理解。
Elizabeth allowed that he had given a very rational account of it, and   they continued talking together, with mutual satisfaction till supper put   an end to cards, and gave the rest of the ladies their share of Mr.   Wickham’s attentions. There could be no conversation in the noise of Mrs.   Phillips’s supper party, but his manners recommended him to everybody.   Whatever he said, was said well; and whatever he did, done gracefully.   Elizabeth went away with her head full of him. She could think of nothing   but of Mr. Wickham, and of what he had told her, all the way home; but   there was not time for her even to mention his name as they went, for   neither Lydia nor Mr. Collins were once silent. Lydia talked incessantly   of lottery tickets, of the fish she had lost and the fish she had won; and   Mr. Collins in describing the civility of Mr. and Mrs. Phillips,   protesting that he did not in the least regard his losses at whist,   enumerating all the dishes at supper, and repeatedly fearing that he   crowded his cousins, had more to say than he could well manage before the   carriage stopped at Longbourn House.
伊丽莎白允许他对这件事做了一个非常理性的描述，他们继续互相交谈，彼此满意，直到晚饭结束了卡片，其余的女士们都得到了威克姆先生的注意。在菲利浦斯太太的晚宴上，没有人能交谈，但他的举止却把他推荐给了大家。无论他说什么，都说得很好；无论他做了什么，都优雅地做了。伊丽莎白带着他的脑袋走了。她只想到威克姆先生和他在回家的路上对她说的话，但是她没有时间去提他的名字，因为丽迪雅和Collins先生都没有一次沉默过。丽迪雅不停地说彩票，鱼的她失去了她所获得的鱼；Collins先生在描述菲利浦斯先生和太太的谦恭，抗议，他也不认为他的损失在惠斯特，枚举所有晚餐的菜肴，并多次担心他挤他的堂兄弟，有说的比他能管理好之前，马车在浪搏恩府停更。
Chapter 17
17章
Elizabeth related to Jane the next day what had passed between Mr. Wickham   and herself. Jane listened with astonishment and concern; she knew not how   to believe that Mr. Darcy could be so unworthy of Mr. Bingley’s regard;   and yet, it was not in her nature to question the veracity of a young man   of such amiable appearance as Wickham. The possibility of his having   endured such unkindness, was enough to interest all her tender feelings;   and nothing remained therefore to be done, but to think well of them both,   to defend the conduct of each, and throw into the account of accident or   mistake whatever could not be otherwise explained.
第二天，伊丽莎白和珍妮发生了关系，威克姆先生和她之间发生了什么事。简听了又惊讶又担心，她不知道怎么相信达西先生会如此不值得宾利先生的关心；然而，她对威克姆这样和蔼可亲的年轻人的真实性并不怀疑。他经历了这样的不可能性，足以打动她的柔情；仍然没有因此要做，但他们都认为，保卫各自的行为，把事故或错误的帐户都无法解释。
“They have both,” said she, “been deceived, I dare say, in some way or   other, of which we can form no idea. Interested people have perhaps   misrepresented each to the other. It is, in short, impossible for us to   conjecture the causes or circumstances which may have alienated them,   without actual blame on either side.”
“他们两个都有，”她说，“我敢说，在某种程度上欺骗了我们，我们不能形成任何想法。”。有兴趣的人有可能歪曲了彼此。简而言之，我们无法猜测可能使他们疏远的原因或情况，而不必对任何一方造成真正的责难。”
“Very true, indeed; and now, my dear Jane, what have you got to say on   behalf of the interested people who have probably been concerned in the   business? Do clear them too, or we shall be obliged to think ill of   somebody.”
“真的，真的，现在，我亲爱的简，你有什么话要代表那些关心这个生意的人呢？”一定要把他们也弄清楚，否则我们就要去想别人的坏话。”
“Laugh as much as you choose, but you will not laugh me out of my opinion.   My dearest Lizzy, do but consider in what a disgraceful light it places   Mr. Darcy, to be treating his father’s favourite in such a manner, one   whom his father had promised to provide for. It is impossible. No man of   common humanity, no man who had any value for his character, could be   capable of it. Can his most intimate friends be so excessively deceived in   him? Oh! no.”
“尽管你笑得多，但你不会嘲笑我的。”。我最亲爱的Lizzy，你却认为可耻的光将达西先生什么，是对父亲最喜欢这样的方式，一个父亲答应提供。这是不可能的。没有一个有共同人性的人，没有一个对自己的品格有任何价值的人，是能够做到这一点的。他最亲密的朋友是否会对他过分地欺骗？哦!号”
“I can much more easily believe Mr. Bingley’s being imposed on, than that   Mr. Wickham should invent such a history of himself as he gave me last   night; names, facts, everything mentioned without ceremony. If it be not   so, let Mr. Darcy contradict it. Besides, there was truth in his looks.”
“我更容易相信宾利先生的强加，而不是威克姆先生创造了他昨晚给我的这样一个历史，名字，事实，一切都没有提到。如果不是这样的话，就让达西先生反驳吧。此外，他的相貌也很真实。”
“It is difficult indeed—it is distressing. One does not know what to   think.”
这确实很困难，令人痛心。人不知道该怎么想。”
“I beg your pardon; one knows exactly what to think.”
“请原谅，我完全知道该怎么想。”
But Jane could think with certainty on only one point—that Mr.   Bingley, if he had been imposed on, would have much to suffer when   the affair became public.
但简可以肯定地认为，只有一点，宾利先生，如果他被强加，将有很大的痛苦时，这件事成为公众。
The two young ladies were summoned from the shrubbery, where this   conversation passed, by the arrival of the very persons of whom they had   been speaking; Mr. Bingley and his sisters came to give their personal   invitation for the long-expected ball at Netherfield, which was fixed for   the following Tuesday. The two ladies were delighted to see their dear   friend again, called it an age since they had met, and repeatedly asked   what she had been doing with herself since their separation. To the rest   of the family they paid little attention; avoiding Mrs. Bennet as much as   possible, saying not much to Elizabeth, and nothing at all to the others.   They were soon gone again, rising from their seats with an activity which   took their brother by surprise, and hurrying off as if eager to escape   from Mrs. Bennet’s civilities.
两位年轻的小姐从灌木丛中召唤，在这次谈话之后，由一人说他们已经到来；宾利先生和他的姐妹们都来给他们的个人邀请，期待已久的球在Netherfield，这是星期二固定以下。两位女士很高兴又见到了他们的好朋友，他们见面后称这是一个年龄，并反复问她自从分手后她一直在做些什么。对他们家的其他人来说，他们很少注意，尽量避开Bennet太太，对伊丽莎白说不多，对其他人一点也不说。他们很快就消失了，从拿着哥哥的惊喜活动座位上升，和匆匆仿佛想摆脱Bennet夫人的客套。
The prospect of the Netherfield ball was extremely agreeable to every   female of the family. Mrs. Bennet chose to consider it as given in   compliment to her eldest daughter, and was particularly flattered by   receiving the invitation from Mr. Bingley himself, instead of a   ceremonious card. Jane pictured to herself a happy evening in the society   of her two friends, and the attentions of their brother; and Elizabeth   thought with pleasure of dancing a great deal with Mr. Wickham, and of   seeing a confirmation of everything in Mr. Darcy’s look and behaviour. The   happiness anticipated by Catherine and Lydia depended less on any single   event, or any particular person, for though they each, like Elizabeth,   meant to dance half the evening with Mr. Wickham, he was by no means the   only partner who could satisfy them, and a ball was, at any rate, a ball.   And even Mary could assure her family that she had no disinclination for   it.
Netherfield的球的前景是每一个家庭的女性非常愉快。Bennet夫人选择了恭维她的大女儿考虑的，特别是因从宾利先生接到邀请，而不是一个隆重的卡。简想象自己在两个朋友的社会里度过了一个快乐的夜晚，他们兄弟的关心；伊丽莎白愉快地想和威克姆先生跳舞，看到达西先生的样子和行为的一切。凯瑟琳和丽迪雅所期望的幸福，并不取决于任何一件事，或者任何特定的人，因为他们每个人，比如伊丽莎白，都打算和威克姆先生跳半个晚上的舞，他决不是唯一能满足他们的舞伴，而且，无论如何，一个球就是一个球。连玛丽也向她的家人，她不讨厌它。
“While I can have my mornings to myself,” said she, “it is enough—I   think it is no sacrifice to join occasionally in evening engagements.   Society has claims on us all; and I profess myself one of those who   consider intervals of recreation and amusement as desirable for   everybody.”
“当我早上我自己，”她说，“这是enough-i认为没有牺牲偶然参加参加晚会。社会对我们所有人都有要求；我也自称是那些认为娱乐和娱乐的时间人人都向往的人。
Elizabeth’s spirits were so high on this occasion, that though she did not   often speak unnecessarily to Mr. Collins, she could not help asking him   whether he intended to accept Mr. Bingley’s invitation, and if he did,   whether he would think it proper to join in the evening’s amusement; and   she was rather surprised to find that he entertained no scruple whatever   on that head, and was very far from dreading a rebuke either from the   Archbishop, or Lady Catherine de Bourgh, by venturing to dance.
伊丽莎白的精神在这个场合这么高，虽然她不常说话不必要的Collins先生，她忍不住问他是否打算接受宾利的邀请，如果他做到了，他是否会觉得参加晚会是适当的；她很惊讶的发现他没有顾忌什么，头，并从害怕责备或者从大主教很远，或者Catherine de Bourgh夫人，到跳舞。
“I am by no means of the opinion, I assure you,” said he, “that a ball of   this kind, given by a young man of character, to respectable people, can   have any evil tendency; and I am so far from objecting to dancing myself,   that I shall hope to be honoured with the hands of all my fair cousins in   the course of the evening; and I take this opportunity of soliciting   yours, Miss Elizabeth, for the two first dances especially, a preference   which I trust my cousin Jane will attribute to the right cause, and not to   any disrespect for her.”
“我没有意见，我向你保证，”他说，“一个球这类，由性格的年轻人，要体面的人，会有什么不好的倾向；我从反对到目前为止自己跳舞，我希望能荣幸的在晚会过程中我的表妹的手中；我借此机会向你的，伊丽莎白小姐，这两首舞蹈特别偏好，我相信我的表弟简将把正确的原因，并没有任何不尊重她。”
Elizabeth felt herself completely taken in. She had fully proposed being   engaged by Mr. Wickham for those very dances; and to have Mr. Collins   instead! her liveliness had never been worse timed. There was no help for   it, however. Mr. Wickham’s happiness and her own were perforce delayed a   little longer, and Mr. Collins’s proposal accepted with as good a grace as   she could. She was not the better pleased with his gallantry from the idea   it suggested of something more. It now first struck her, that she   was selected from among her sisters as worthy of being mistress of   Hunsford Parsonage, and of assisting to form a quadrille table at Rosings,   in the absence of more eligible visitors. The idea soon reached to   conviction, as she observed his increasing civilities toward herself, and   heard his frequent attempt at a compliment on her wit and vivacity; and   though more astonished than gratified herself by this effect of her   charms, it was not long before her mother gave her to understand that the   probability of their marriage was extremely agreeable to her.   Elizabeth, however, did not choose to take the hint, being well aware that   a serious dispute must be the consequence of any reply. Mr. Collins might   never make the offer, and till he did, it was useless to quarrel about   him.
伊丽莎白觉得自己完全上当了。她完全建议威克姆先生参加那些舞会，并请Collins先生代替！她的活泼从来没有那么糟糕过。然而，没有帮助。威克姆先生的幸福跟她自己的幸福不得不推迟了一段时间，Collins先生的建议，接受恩典就好。她是不是更高兴他认为更勇敢。现在第一次打她，她从中选择她的姐妹是牧师家去情妇值得，和协助形成罗新斯一个牌桌，在更多的游客没有资格。很快达到定罪的想法，因为她观察到他对她越来越客套，听到他在恭维她聪明活泼频繁的尝试；虽然惊讶之余更欣慰自己这种影响她的魅力，没过多久，明白他们的婚姻的概率是她极其令人愉快的母亲给了她。然而，伊丽莎白并没有选择接受这个暗示，因为他清楚地意识到一场严重的争论必须是任何答复的结果。Collins先生可能永远不会提出这个提议，直到他这样做，对他争吵是没有用的。
If there had not been a Netherfield ball to prepare for and talk of, the   younger Miss Bennets would have been in a very pitiable state at this   time, for from the day of the invitation, to the day of the ball, there   was such a succession of rain as prevented their walking to Meryton once.   No aunt, no officers, no news could be sought after—the very   shoe-roses for Netherfield were got by proxy. Even Elizabeth might have   found some trial of her patience in weather which totally suspended the   improvement of her acquaintance with Mr. Wickham; and nothing less than a   dance on Tuesday, could have made such a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and   Monday endurable to Kitty and Lydia.
如果没有Netherfield球的准备和讨论，年轻的贝内茨小姐会一直在一个非常可悲的状态，在这个时候，从邀请的一天，到球的那一天，有一系列的雨水，防止他们步行去一次。没有阿姨，没有警察，没有消息可以被追捧为Netherfield的鞋玫瑰被代理。即使是伊丽莎白，也可能在她的天气中发现了一些对她耐心的尝试，这完全使她对威克姆先生的认识有所改善；星期二的舞会简直不可能使星期五、星期六、星期日和星期一都能忍受凯蒂和丽迪雅。
Chapter 18
18章
Till Elizabeth entered the drawing-room at Netherfield, and looked in vain   for Mr. Wickham among the cluster of red coats there assembled, a doubt of   his being present had never occurred to her. The certainty of meeting him   had not been checked by any of those recollections that might not   unreasonably have alarmed her. She had dressed with more than usual care,   and prepared in the highest spirits for the conquest of all that remained   unsubdued of his heart, trusting that it was not more than might be won in   the course of the evening. But in an instant arose the dreadful suspicion   of his being purposely omitted for Mr. Darcy’s pleasure in the Bingleys’    invitation to the officers; and though this was not exactly the case, the   absolute fact of his absence was pronounced by his friend Denny, to whom   Lydia eagerly applied, and who told them that Wickham had been obliged to   go to town on business the day before, and was not yet returned; adding,   with a significant smile, “I do not imagine his business would have called   him away just now, if he had not wanted to avoid a certain gentleman   here.”
直到伊丽莎白走进客厅，在Netherfield，并没有看到威克姆先生的红色外套有组装集群中，怀疑他也许从来没有想到过她。对他见面的把握并没有被那些毫无理由地惊动她的回忆所检验。她穿着比平时更多的关心，并准备在最高的精神为所有仍旧不肯屈服他的心的征服，相信这不是比会不会在晚上的课程。但在一瞬间他被故意省略了达西先生的乐趣在Bingleys的邀请去警察那可怕的怀疑；虽然这是不完全的情况下，他没有绝对的事实被宣布由他的朋友丹尼，因为丽迪雅迫不及待地，谁告诉他们，威克姆被迫去出差的前一天，镇，并没有回来；增加，具有明显的微笑，“我不想像他的生意会叫他走吧，如果他不想避免某先生在这里。”
This part of his intelligence, though unheard by Lydia, was caught by   Elizabeth, and, as it assured her that Darcy was not less answerable for   Wickham’s absence than if her first surmise had been just, every feeling   of displeasure against the former was so sharpened by immediate   disappointment, that she could hardly reply with tolerable civility to the   polite inquiries which he directly afterwards approached to make.   Attendance, forbearance, patience with Darcy, was injury to Wickham. She   was resolved against any sort of conversation with him, and turned away   with a degree of ill-humour which she could not wholly surmount even in   speaking to Mr. Bingley, whose blind partiality provoked her.
这一部分他的智慧，虽然听不到丽迪雅，被伊丽莎白抓住，就向她保证，达西不应对威克姆的缺席不是她第一次猜刚，不悦对前一感觉是如此尖锐直接的失望，她无法容忍没回复礼貌的询问，他走上前来让。对达西的出席、忍耐、忍耐，都是威克姆的伤。她坚决反对和他进行任何形式的谈话，她带着某种程度的幽默感转过身去，即使是宾利先生，她对她的盲目的偏爱激怒了她，她也无法完全克服这一点。
But Elizabeth was not formed for ill-humour; and though every prospect of   her own was destroyed for the evening, it could not dwell long on her   spirits; and having told all her griefs to Charlotte Lucas, whom she had   not seen for a week, she was soon able to make a voluntary transition to   the oddities of her cousin, and to point him out to her particular notice.   The first two dances, however, brought a return of distress; they were   dances of mortification. Mr. Collins, awkward and solemn, apologising   instead of attending, and often moving wrong without being aware of it,   gave her all the shame and misery which a disagreeable partner for a   couple of dances can give. The moment of her release from him was ecstasy.
但伊丽莎白不大会发脾气；虽然她自己的前景是晚上破坏，它不能停留在她的精神长告诉她所有的悲伤；有Charlotte Lucas，她有一个星期没见，她很快就能做出自愿过渡到她的表妹古怪，并指出他对她特别注意。第一个舞蹈，然而，重新使窘迫；他们舞蹈的禁欲。Collins先生，很庄严，道歉代替参加，并经常移动的错误却没有意识到它的存在，给了她所有的耻辱和痛苦，一个讨厌的舞伴可以给。她从他那释放的那一刻是狂喜。
She danced next with an officer, and had the refreshment of talking of   Wickham, and of hearing that he was universally liked. When those dances   were over, she returned to Charlotte Lucas, and was in conversation with   her, when she found herself suddenly addressed by Mr. Darcy who took her   so much by surprise in his application for her hand, that, without knowing   what she did, she accepted him. He walked away again immediately, and she   was left to fret over her own want of presence of mind; Charlotte tried to   console her:
她和一位军官跳了起来，听了威克姆的话，听到大家都喜欢他。舞会结束后，她回到Charlotte Lucas身边，与达西交谈，这时她突然发现自己突然向她提出了一个请求。他马上又走开了，她留下来为自己的思想不安而烦恼；夏洛特试图安慰她：
“I dare say you will find him very agreeable.”
“我敢说你会觉得他很讨人喜欢。”
“Heaven forbid! That would be the greatest misfortune of all! To   find a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate! Do not wish me such   an evil.”
“天堂禁止！那将是所有人最大的不幸！找一个你决意要恨的人！别希望我这么邪恶。”
When the dancing recommenced, however, and Darcy approached to claim her   hand, Charlotte could not help cautioning her in a whisper, not to be a   simpleton, and allow her fancy for Wickham to make her appear unpleasant   in the eyes of a man ten times his consequence. Elizabeth made no answer,   and took her place in the set, amazed at the dignity to which she was   arrived in being allowed to stand opposite to Mr. Darcy, and reading in   her neighbours’ looks, their equal amazement in beholding it. They stood   for some time without speaking a word; and she began to imagine that their   silence was to last through the two dances, and at first was resolved not   to break it; till suddenly fancying that it would be the greater   punishment to her partner to oblige him to talk, she made some slight   observation on the dance. He replied, and was again silent. After a pause   of some minutes, she addressed him a second time with:—“It is your   turn to say something now, Mr. Darcy. I talked about the dance, and you   ought to make some sort of remark on the size of the room, or the number   of couples.”
当跳舞重新开始，然而，达西上前要求她的手，夏洛特忍不住提醒她低声说话，不是一个傻瓜，让她喜欢威克姆让她在他的十次眼睛出现不愉快的后果。伊丽莎白没有回答，把她放在集，惊讶的尊严，她来到被允许站在对面的达西先生，在她的邻居把阅读，他们看它相当惊讶。他们站在一段时间内没有说一句话；她开始想象，他们的沉默是最后一个通过两舞蹈，起初决定不要打破它；忽然觉得，这将是更大的惩罚她的伴侣强迫他说话，她对舞蹈做了一些细微的观察。他回答，又沉默了。停顿了几分钟后，她又对他说：“现在轮到你说点什么了，达西先生。”。我谈到了舞会，你应该对房间的大小或夫妇的数量发表一些评论。
He smiled, and assured her that whatever she wished him to say should be   said.
他笑了，并向她保证，无论她希望他说什么，都应该说。
“Very well. That reply will do for the present. Perhaps by and by I may   observe that private balls are much pleasanter than public ones. But now   we may be silent.”
“非常好。这个答复对现在有效。也许我会发现私人舞会比公共场所的。但现在我们可以保持沉默了。”
“Do you talk by rule, then, while you are dancing?”
“那么，当你跳舞的时候，你是按规则说话吗？“
“Sometimes. One must speak a little, you know. It would look odd to be   entirely silent for half an hour together; and yet for the advantage of some,   conversation ought to be so arranged, as that they may have the trouble of   saying as little as possible.”
“有时。你必须说一点，你知道。在一起半个小时保持沉默是很奇怪的，但是为了一些人的好处，谈话应该安排好，因为他们可能会尽可能少说话。
“Are you consulting your own feelings in the present case, or do you   imagine that you are gratifying mine?”
“在目前的情况下，你是在咨询你自己的感受，还是你认为你是我的满意？“
“Both,” replied Elizabeth archly; “for I have always seen a great   similarity in the turn of our minds. We are each of an unsocial, taciturn   disposition, unwilling to speak, unless we expect to say something that   will amaze the whole room, and be handed down to posterity with all the   eclat of a proverb.”
“，”Elizabeth archly回答说；“我一直认为，在我们的头脑中把一个很大的相似性。我们每个人都是一个不合群，沉默寡言的性格，不愿意说话，除非我们想说的东西，将整个房间的惊奇，并传给所有谚语的Eclat的后代。”
“This is no very striking resemblance of your own character, I am sure,”   said he. “How near it may be to mine, I cannot pretend to say. You   think it a faithful portrait undoubtedly.”
他说：“我敢肯定，这与你自己的性格没有太大的相似之处。”。“它离我有多近，我不能假装说。你认为这无疑是一幅忠实的画像。”
“I must not decide on my own performance.”
“我不能决定我自己的表现。”
He made no answer, and they were again silent till they had gone down the   dance, when he asked her if she and her sisters did not very often walk to   Meryton. She answered in the affirmative, and, unable to resist the   temptation, added, “When you met us there the other day, we had just been   forming a new acquaintance.”
他没有回答，他们俩又沉默了下来，直到他们的舞蹈，当他问她，如果她和她的姐妹们不经常散步。她肯定地回答道，又忍不住诱惑，补充说：“前几天你在那儿碰到我们时，我们刚刚结识了一位新朋友。”
The effect was immediate. A deeper shade of hauteur overspread his   features, but he said not a word, and Elizabeth, though blaming herself   for her own weakness, could not go on. At length Darcy spoke, and in a   constrained manner said, “Mr. Wickham is blessed with such happy manners   as may ensure his making friends—whether he may be equally   capable of retaining them, is less certain.”
效果立竿见影。一阵傲慢的阴影罩上了他的脸，可是他一句话也没有说，和伊丽莎白，虽然自责自己的软弱，不能去。最后，达西开口说话，以一种勉强的语气说：“威克姆先生有着如此幸福的举止，可以确保他结交朋友，无论他是否有能力保留他们，这是不那么确定的。”
“He has been so unlucky as to lose your friendship,” replied   Elizabeth with emphasis, “and in a manner which he is likely to suffer   from all his life.”
“他太不幸了，失去了你的友谊，”伊丽莎白强调地说，“而且他可能一生都会受到这种折磨。”
Darcy made no answer, and seemed desirous of changing the subject. At that   moment, Sir William Lucas appeared close to them, meaning to pass through   the set to the other side of the room; but on perceiving Mr. Darcy, he   stopped with a bow of superior courtesy to compliment him on his dancing   and his partner.
达西没有回答，似乎想换个话题。就在这时，William Lucas爵士出现在他们身边，意思是穿过房间的另一边，但是，当他看到达西先生时，他停下来，用一种高贵的礼貌来赞美他跳舞和他的舞伴。
“I have been most highly gratified indeed, my dear sir. Such very superior   dancing is not often seen. It is evident that you belong to the first   circles. Allow me to say, however, that your fair partner does not   disgrace you, and that I must hope to have this pleasure often repeated,   especially when a certain desirable event, my dear Eliza (glancing at her   sister and Bingley) shall take place. What congratulations will then flow   in! I appeal to Mr. Darcy:—but let me not interrupt you, sir. You   will not thank me for detaining you from the bewitching converse of that   young lady, whose bright eyes are also upbraiding me.”
“我的确非常满意，亲爱的先生。这种非常高级的舞蹈是不常见到的。很明显，你属于第一圈。不过，请允许我说，你的公平伴侣不会羞辱你，我一定希望这种快乐经常重复，尤其是当某件合意的事情发生时，亲爱的付然（瞥了一眼她的妹妹和宾利）就会发生。接下来会有什么祝贺呢？！我呼吁达西先生：但我不要打断你，先生。你会不会感谢我耽搁了你正在和这位小姐，他的明亮的眼睛也在责备我。”
The latter part of this address was scarcely heard by Darcy; but Sir   William’s allusion to his friend seemed to strike him forcibly, and his   eyes were directed with a very serious expression towards Bingley and   Jane, who were dancing together. Recovering himself, however, shortly, he   turned to his partner, and said, “Sir William’s interruption has made me   forget what we were talking of.”
简几乎听不到达西讲话的后半段，但威廉爵士对他朋友的暗示似乎是在用力地打他，他的眼睛以一种非常严肃的神情向宾利和跳舞的人表示。然而，他很快恢复过来，转身对他的伙伴说：“威廉爵士打断了我，使我忘记了我们刚才说的话。”
“I do not think we were speaking at all. Sir William could not have   interrupted two people in the room who had less to say for themselves. We   have tried two or three subjects already without success, and what we are   to talk of next I cannot imagine.”
“我想我们根本没说话。威廉爵士不可能打断房间里有两个人的话，他们几乎不必为自己说什么。我们已经尝试了两、三个科目，但都没有成功，接下来要谈什么我无法想象。
“What think you of books?” said he, smiling.
“你觉得书怎么样？他微笑着说。
“Books—oh! no. I am sure we never read the same, or not with the   same feelings.”
“书啊！不，我相信我们从来没有读过同样的，或者没有相同的感觉。
“I am sorry you think so; but if that be the case, there can at least be   no want of subject. We may compare our different opinions.”
“我很抱歉你这么想，但如果是这样的话，至少可以不需要主语。我们可以比较我们的不同意见。”
“No—I cannot talk of books in a ball-room; my head is always full of   something else.”
“在一个球房的书我不能说话；我的头总是充满了别的东西。”
“The present always occupies you in such scenes—does it?”   said he, with a look of doubt.
“现在总是在这样的场景中占有你，是吗？”他带着怀疑的神色说。
“Yes, always,” she replied, without knowing what she said, for her   thoughts had wandered far from the subject, as soon afterwards appeared by   her suddenly exclaiming, “I remember hearing you once say, Mr. Darcy, that   you hardly ever forgave, that your resentment once created was   unappeasable. You are very cautious, I suppose, as to its being created.”
“是的，永远的，”她回答说，她不知道说什么，她的思想已经远离了主题，为随后出现她突然大喊起来，“我记得你曾经说过，达西先生，你不能原谅，那你的怨恨一旦产生，就难以平息。我想，你是非常谨慎的，因为它是被创造出来的。”
“I am,” said he, with a firm voice.
“我是，”他用坚定的声音说。
“And never allow yourself to be blinded by prejudice?”
“永远不要让自己被偏见蒙蔽了双眼？”“
“I hope not.”
“我希望不会。”
“It is particularly incumbent on those who never change their opinion, to   be secure of judging properly at first.”
对那些从不改变意见，首先要确保正确判断的人，尤其有责任。
“May I ask to what these questions tend?”
我能问一下这些问题是什么吗？“
“Merely to the illustration of your character,” said she,   endeavouring to shake off her gravity. “I am trying to make it out.”
“仅仅是对你的性格的例子，”她说，竭力想摆脱她的引力。“我正试着把它弄出来。”
“And what is your success?”
“你的成功是什么？”“
She shook her head. “I do not get on at all. I hear such different   accounts of you as puzzle me exceedingly.”
她摇了摇头。“我一点也不上车。我听到你的这些不同的说法使我迷惑不解。”
“I can readily believe,” answered he gravely, “that reports may vary   greatly with respect to me; and I could wish, Miss Bennet, that you were   not to sketch my character at the present moment, as there is reason to   fear that the performance would reflect no credit on either.”
“我很容易相信，”他严肃地回答说，“关于我的报道可能会有很大的不同，我希望Bennet小姐，你现在还不打算画我的角色，因为有理由担心这场演出也不值得称赞。”
“But if I do not take your likeness now, I may never have another   opportunity.”
“但是如果我现在不看你的样子，我可能就再也没有机会了。”
“I would by no means suspend any pleasure of yours,” he coldly replied.   She said no more, and they went down the other dance and parted in   silence; and on each side dissatisfied, though not to an equal degree, for   in Darcy’s breast there was a tolerably powerful feeling towards her,   which soon procured her pardon, and directed all his anger against   another.
他冷冷地回答说：“我决不让你高兴。”。她什么也没说，他们走下其他舞蹈和分手在沉默；在每侧的不满，虽然不是一个平等的程度，在达西的心里对她相当有力的感觉，很快取得她的原谅，并向他所有的愤怒与另一。
They had not long separated, when Miss Bingley came towards her, and with   an expression of civil disdain accosted her:
他们没有长期分居，当宾利小姐向她走过来，并与公民表达了蔑视她搭话：
“So, Miss Eliza, I hear you are quite delighted with George Wickham! Your   sister has been talking to me about him, and asking me a thousand   questions; and I find that the young man quite forgot to tell you, among   his other communication, that he was the son of old Wickham, the late Mr.   Darcy’s steward. Let me recommend you, however, as a friend, not to give   implicit confidence to all his assertions; for as to Mr. Darcy’s using him   ill, it is perfectly false; for, on the contrary, he has always been   remarkably kind to him, though George Wickham has treated Mr. Darcy in a   most infamous manner. I do not know the particulars, but I know very well   that Mr. Darcy is not in the least to blame, that he cannot bear to hear   George Wickham mentioned, and that though my brother thought that he could   not well avoid including him in his invitation to the officers, he was   excessively glad to find that he had taken himself out of the way. His   coming into the country at all is a most insolent thing, indeed, and I   wonder how he could presume to do it. I pity you, Miss Eliza, for this   discovery of your favourite’s guilt; but really, considering his descent,   one could not expect much better.”
“那么，付然小姐，我听说你很喜欢George Wickham。”！你姐姐一直在跟我谈论他，问了我一千个问题；我发现那个年轻人在他的另一封信中忘了告诉你他是已故达西先生的管家威克姆的儿子。不过，我建议你作为朋友，不要对他所有的断言给予含蓄的信心；因为达西先生用他坏话，这是完全错误的，因为相反，他对他一向很好，尽管George Wickham以极不名誉的态度对待达西先生。我不知道具体情况，但我清楚地知道，达西先生一点也不怪，他听不住George Wickham提到的话，虽然我哥哥认为他不能很好地避免把他列入军官的邀请，但他很高兴地发现他已把自己排除在外了。他进入这个国家的所有是最无礼的事情，事实上，我不知道他怎么竟敢这样做。我可怜你，付然小姐，因为你发现了你最爱的人的罪过，但实际上，考虑到他的出身，你不能指望会好得多。”
“His guilt and his descent appear by your account to be the same,” said   Elizabeth angrily; “for I have heard you accuse him of nothing worse than   of being the son of Mr. Darcy’s steward, and of that, I can assure   you, he informed me himself.”
“你的罪行和他的出身在你看来是一样的，”伊丽莎白生气地说，“因为我听说你指控他没有比达西先生的管家的儿子更坏，我可以向你保证，他亲自告诉我的。”
“I beg your pardon,” replied Miss Bingley, turning away with a sneer.   “Excuse my interference—it was kindly meant.”
“请原谅，”宾利小姐回答道，冷笑着转过脸去。“请原谅我的干扰，这是善意的意思。”
“Insolent girl!” said Elizabeth to herself. “You are much mistaken if you   expect to influence me by such a paltry attack as this. I see nothing in   it but your own wilful ignorance and the malice of Mr. Darcy.” She then   sought her eldest sister, who had undertaken to make inquiries on the same   subject of Bingley. Jane met her with a smile of such sweet complacency, a   glow of such happy expression, as sufficiently marked how well she was   satisfied with the occurrences of the evening. Elizabeth instantly read   her feelings, and at that moment solicitude for Wickham, resentment   against his enemies, and everything else, gave way before the hope of   Jane’s being in the fairest way for happiness.
“傲慢的女孩！伊丽莎白自言自语道。“如果你想用这样微不足道的攻击来影响我，那你就大错特错了。“除了你自己的故意无知和达西先生的恶意之外，我什么也看不见。”然后她去找她的大姐，她答应打听宾利的同一个问题。简以一种甜蜜的满足的微笑迎接了她，一种愉快的表情，充分地表明了她对晚上发生的事情感到满意。伊丽莎白立刻读懂了她的感情，在那一刻，对威克姆的关心，对敌人的怨恨，以及其他一切，都在简的幸福之路的希望面前让步了。
“I want to know,” said she, with a countenance no less smiling than her   sister’s, “what you have learnt about Mr. Wickham. But perhaps you have   been too pleasantly engaged to think of any third person; in which case   you may be sure of my pardon.”
“我想知道，”她说，脸上的笑容比她姐姐的微笑还少，“你对威克姆先生了解多少？”。不过也许你太高兴了，不会想到第三个人，那样的话，你就可以放心了。”
“No,” replied Jane, “I have not forgotten him; but I have nothing   satisfactory to tell you. Mr. Bingley does not know the whole of his   history, and is quite ignorant of the circumstances which have principally   offended Mr. Darcy; but he will vouch for the good conduct, the probity,   and honour of his friend, and is perfectly convinced that Mr. Wickham has   deserved much less attention from Mr. Darcy than he has received; and I am   sorry to say by his account as well as his sister’s, Mr. Wickham is by no   means a respectable young man. I am afraid he has been very imprudent, and   has deserved to lose Mr. Darcy’s regard.”
“不，”简回答说，“我没有忘记他，但我没有什么满意的事告诉你。宾利先生不知道自己的整个历史，而且很无知，得罪了达西先生的主要情况；不过他可以担保的良好品行，廉洁，和纪念他的朋友，非常相信威克姆先生应该更关注于达西先生比他已经收到；和我很抱歉地说他的账户以及他的妹妹，威克姆先生是不是一个可敬的年轻人。我怕他已经很轻率，和已失去达西先生的尊重。”
“Mr. Bingley does not know Mr. Wickham himself?”
“宾利先生自己不认识威克姆先生吗？”“
“No; he never saw him till the other morning at Meryton.”
“不；他从来没有见他到麦里屯其他的早晨。”
“This account then is what he has received from Mr. Darcy. I am satisfied.   But what does he say of the living?”
“这是他从达西先生那儿得到的。”。我很满意。但他对生活有何看法？“
“He does not exactly recollect the circumstances, though he has heard them   from Mr. Darcy more than once, but he believes that it was left to him conditionally   only.”
“他并不完全记得当时的情况，虽然他不止一次从达西先生那里听说过，但他相信这是有条件地留给他的。”
“I have not a doubt of Mr. Bingley’s sincerity,” said Elizabeth warmly;   “but you must excuse my not being convinced by assurances only. Mr.   Bingley’s defense of his friend was a very able one, I dare say; but since   he is unacquainted with several parts of the story, and has learnt the   rest from that friend himself, I shall venture to still think of both   gentlemen as I did before.”
“我对宾利先生的诚意毫不怀疑，”伊丽莎白热情地说，“但你必须原谅我没有得到保证。宾利先生的朋友是一个很能干的辩护人，我敢说；但因为他不熟悉这个故事的几个部分，并从朋友自己学会休息，我要创业，仍然认为两位先生像我一样的。”
She then changed the discourse to one more gratifying to each, and on   which there could be no difference of sentiment. Elizabeth listened with   delight to the happy, though modest hopes which Jane entertained of Mr.   Bingley’s regard, and said all in her power to heighten her confidence in   it. On their being joined by Mr. Bingley himself, Elizabeth withdrew to   Miss Lucas; to whose inquiry after the pleasantness of her last partner   she had scarcely replied, before Mr. Collins came up to them, and told her   with great exultation that he had just been so fortunate as to make a most   important discovery.
然后她把话题改得更令人满意，而且感情上也没有什么差别。伊丽莎白高兴地听着珍妮对宾利先生的关心所带来的愉快而又谦逊的希望，并说她有能力增强自己对这件事的信心。在他们被加入由宾利先生，伊丽莎白回到了卢卡斯小姐的愉悦；后她最后的伙伴她还没有来得及回答他的询问，Collins先生来到他们面前，并告诉她极大的欢欣，他刚刚被幸运地做一个最重要的发现。
“I have found out,” said he, “by a singular accident, that there is now in   the room a near relation of my patroness. I happened to overhear the   gentleman himself mentioning to the young lady who does the honours of the   house the names of his cousin Miss de Bourgh, and of her mother Lady   Catherine. How wonderfully these sort of things occur! Who would have   thought of my meeting with, perhaps, a nephew of Lady Catherine de Bourgh   in this assembly! I am most thankful that the discovery is made in time   for me to pay my respects to him, which I am now going to do, and trust he   will excuse my not having done it before. My total ignorance of the   connection must plead my apology.”
“我发现，”他说，“一个奇异的事故，现在有在房间里我的守护神，一个近的关系。我碰巧听到这位先生提到的年轻女人做主人家的表妹的名字de Bourgh小姐和她的母亲Lady Catherine。这些事情发生得多奇妙啊！谁会想到我会，也许，Catherine de Bourgh夫人在这个组件的侄子！我非常感谢这个发现及时地向我致敬，我现在要去做，并且相信他会原谅我以前没有做过。我完全不了解这件事，必须向我道歉。”
“You are not going to introduce yourself to Mr. Darcy!”
“你不会把自己介绍给达西先生的！“
“Indeed I am. I shall entreat his pardon for not having done it earlier. I   believe him to be Lady Catherine’s nephew. It will be in my power   to assure him that her ladyship was quite well yesterday se’nnight.”
“我的确是。我恳求他原谅我没有早些做那件事。我相信他是Lady Catherine的侄子。我可以保证他，夫人很好昨天为止。”
Elizabeth tried hard to dissuade him from such a scheme, assuring him that   Mr. Darcy would consider his addressing him without introduction as an   impertinent freedom, rather than a compliment to his aunt; that it was not   in the least necessary there should be any notice on either side; and that   if it were, it must belong to Mr. Darcy, the superior in consequence, to   begin the acquaintance. Mr. Collins listened to her with the determined   air of following his own inclination, and, when she ceased speaking,   replied thus:
伊丽莎白竭力劝他不要这样的方案，他向他保证，达西先生认为他对他没有介绍一个不恰当的自由，而不是他的阿姨称赞；这是不必要的应该对任何一方的通知；而如果是的话，它一定属于先生达西，结果优越，开始相识。Collins先生听了她的话，带着坚定的神态追随着自己的意愿：
“My dear Miss Elizabeth, I have the highest opinion in the world in your   excellent judgement in all matters within the scope of your understanding;   but permit me to say, that there must be a wide difference between the   established forms of ceremony amongst the laity, and those which regulate   the clergy; for, give me leave to observe that I consider the clerical   office as equal in point of dignity with the highest rank in the kingdom—provided   that a proper humility of behaviour is at the same time maintained. You   must therefore allow me to follow the dictates of my conscience on this   occasion, which leads me to perform what I look on as a point of duty.   Pardon me for neglecting to profit by your advice, which on every other   subject shall be my constant guide, though in the case before us I   consider myself more fitted by education and habitual study to decide on   what is right than a young lady like yourself.” And with a low bow he left   her to attack Mr. Darcy, whose reception of his advances she eagerly   watched, and whose astonishment at being so addressed was very evident.   Her cousin prefaced his speech with a solemn bow and though she could not   hear a word of it, she felt as if hearing it all, and saw in the motion of   his lips the words “apology,” “Hunsford,” and “Lady Catherine de Bourgh.”   It vexed her to see him expose himself to such a man. Mr. Darcy was eyeing   him with unrestrained wonder, and when at last Mr. Collins allowed him   time to speak, replied with an air of distant civility. Mr. Collins,   however, was not discouraged from speaking again, and Mr. Darcy’s contempt   seemed abundantly increasing with the length of his second speech, and at   the end of it he only made him a slight bow, and moved another way. Mr.   Collins then returned to Elizabeth.
“我亲爱的伊丽莎白小姐，我有最高的意见你的世界优秀的判断在所有的问题在你的理解范围；但请允许我说，必须有一个广泛的不同形式之间建立仪式在俗人，和那些规范的神职人员，给我留下来；观察，我认为办公室点尊严是平等的最高等级的王国提供一个适当的谦卑的行为，同时保持。因此，你必须允许我在这个场合听从我良心的指示，这使我能够履行我所认为的职责。请原谅我忽略了你的建议，对利润，各学科应我不变的指南，但在案件面前我认为自己更适合的教育和习惯的研究来决定什么是正确的比一个年轻的女士喜欢自己。”和一个鞠躬他离开她的攻击达西先生，她对他的进步她急切地看着接待，且惊奇这么解决很明显。她的表妹开始了他的演说具有严肃的弓，虽然她听不到一句话，她觉得好像听到了这一切，看到他的嘴唇的话“道歉的运动，“Hunsford”和“Catherine de Bourgh夫人”，这使她看到他让自己这样的人。达西先生无拘无束地看着他，最后Collins先生允许他说话，他带着一种遥远的礼貌回答。然而，Collins先生并不气馁，不再说话了，达西先生的轻蔑似乎随着他第二次演讲的长度而大大增加了，最后他只是轻轻地鞠了一躬，又走了另一条路。Collins先生又回到了伊丽莎白身边。
“I have no reason, I assure you,” said he, “to be dissatisfied with my   reception. Mr. Darcy seemed much pleased with the attention. He answered   me with the utmost civility, and even paid me the compliment of saying   that he was so well convinced of Lady Catherine’s discernment as to be   certain she could never bestow a favour unworthily. It was really a very   handsome thought. Upon the whole, I am much pleased with him.”
“我没有理由，我向你保证，”他说，“对我的接待不满意。达西先生似乎很满意这种注意。他礼貌周全地回答了我的问题，甚至恭维我说，他非常佩服Lady Catherine的眼力一定她不会赏赉不相称。这真是一个非常英俊的想法。总的说来，我对他很满意。”
As Elizabeth had no longer any interest of her own to pursue, she turned   her attention almost entirely on her sister and Mr. Bingley; and the train   of agreeable reflections which her observations gave birth to, made her   perhaps almost as happy as Jane. She saw her in idea settled in that very   house, in all the felicity which a marriage of true affection could   bestow; and she felt capable, under such circumstances, of endeavouring   even to like Bingley’s two sisters. Her mother’s thoughts she plainly saw   were bent the same way, and she determined not to venture near her, lest   she might hear too much. When they sat down to supper, therefore, she   considered it a most unlucky perverseness which placed them within one of   each other; and deeply was she vexed to find that her mother was talking   to that one person (Lady Lucas) freely, openly, and of nothing else but   her expectation that Jane would soon be married to Mr. Bingley. It was an   animating subject, and Mrs. Bennet seemed incapable of fatigue while   enumerating the advantages of the match. His being such a charming young   man, and so rich, and living but three miles from them, were the first   points of self-gratulation; and then it was such a comfort to think how   fond the two sisters were of Jane, and to be certain that they must desire   the connection as much as she could do. It was, moreover, such a promising   thing for her younger daughters, as Jane’s marrying so greatly must throw   them in the way of other rich men; and lastly, it was so pleasant at her   time of life to be able to consign her single daughters to the care of   their sister, that she might not be obliged to go into company more than   she liked. It was necessary to make this circumstance a matter of   pleasure, because on such occasions it is the etiquette; but no one was   less likely than Mrs. Bennet to find comfort in staying home at any period   of her life. She concluded with many good wishes that Lady Lucas might   soon be equally fortunate, though evidently and triumphantly believing   there was no chance of it.
由于伊丽莎白对自己的兴趣已不再感兴趣，她几乎把注意力全部放在了姐姐和宾利先生身上，而她的观察所产生的令人愉快的思考，使她几乎和简一样快乐。她看到她的想法在那家解决，所有的幸福，一种真实的感情婚姻可以给予；她觉得有能力，在这样的情况下，想更喜欢宾利的两姐妹。她母亲清楚地看到了她同样的想法，她决心不靠近她，以免她听到的太多。当他们坐下来吃晚饭，因此，她认为这是一个最不幸的倔强，放在一个彼此；深入她烦发现妈妈跟那个人（Lady Lucas）的自由，开放，和别的但是她的期望，简就要嫁给宾利先生。这是一个生动的话题，Bennet太太在列举比赛的优点时似乎不太疲劳。他是那么漂亮的一个青年，那么有钱，住的地方离她们只有三，是自满的第一点；然后是一个安慰，想怎么两个姐妹非常喜欢简，一定也希望她尽可能多做连接。而且，对她年幼的女儿来说，这是一个有希望的事情，因为简的婚姻如此之大，一定会使她和其他有钱人一样陷入困境；最后，在她一生中，能够把自己的独生女儿托付给他们的妹妹照顾，是件令人愉快的事，她不必被迫超过她所喜欢的公司。要使这种情况成为一件乐事是必要的，因为在这种场合，这是礼节；但是，没有人比Bennet太太更不可能在她生活的任何时候都在家里找到安慰。她怀着许多美好的愿望得出结论：Lady Lucas很快也会同样幸运，尽管他显然得意洋洋地认为没有机会了。
In vain did Elizabeth endeavour to check the rapidity of her mother’s   words, or persuade her to describe her felicity in a less audible whisper;   for, to her inexpressible vexation, she could perceive that the chief of   it was overheard by Mr. Darcy, who sat opposite to them. Her mother only   scolded her for being nonsensical.
在伊丽莎白的努力没有白费，检查妈妈的话的速度，或者说服她描述在一个较低的声音低声说她的幸福，她说不出；烦恼，她可以感知的主要是无意中听到的是达西先生，他坐在他们的对面。她母亲只骂她不讲道理。
“What is Mr. Darcy to me, pray, that I should be afraid of him? I am sure   we owe him no such particular civility as to be obliged to say nothing he   may not like to hear.”
“达西先生，请问我该怕他什么呢？”我相信我们对他没有什么特别的礼貌，他不得不说他不喜欢听的话。
“For heaven’s sake, madam, speak lower. What advantage can it be for you   to offend Mr. Darcy? You will never recommend yourself to his friend by so   doing!”
看在上帝份上，夫人，说小声点。你得罪达西先生有什么好处？你这样做永远不会向他的朋友推荐你自己！“
Nothing that she could say, however, had any influence. Her mother would   talk of her views in the same intelligible tone. Elizabeth blushed and   blushed again with shame and vexation. She could not help frequently   glancing her eye at Mr. Darcy, though every glance convinced her of what   she dreaded; for though he was not always looking at her mother, she was   convinced that his attention was invariably fixed by her. The expression   of his face changed gradually from indignant contempt to a composed and   steady gravity.
然而，她所说的一切都没有任何影响。她母亲会用同样清晰的语调谈论她的观点。伊丽莎白又羞又恼，又红又红。她忍不住频频瞥了达西先生一眼，尽管每一个眼神都使她确信她害怕什么，因为尽管他并不总是看她的母亲，但她确信他的注意力总是由她来决定的。他脸上的表情逐渐由愤怒的轻蔑转向沉稳沉稳的心情。
At length, however, Mrs. Bennet had no more to say; and Lady Lucas, who   had been long yawning at the repetition of delights which she saw no   likelihood of sharing, was left to the comforts of cold ham and chicken.   Elizabeth now began to revive. But not long was the interval of   tranquillity; for, when supper was over, singing was talked of, and she   had the mortification of seeing Mary, after very little entreaty,   preparing to oblige the company. By many significant looks and silent   entreaties, did she endeavour to prevent such a proof of complaisance, but   in vain; Mary would not understand them; such an opportunity of exhibiting   was delightful to her, and she began her song. Elizabeth’s eyes were fixed   on her with most painful sensations, and she watched her progress through   the several stanzas with an impatience which was very ill rewarded at   their close; for Mary, on receiving, amongst the thanks of the table, the   hint of a hope that she might be prevailed on to favour them again, after   the pause of half a minute began another. Mary’s powers were by no means   fitted for such a display; her voice was weak, and her manner affected.   Elizabeth was in agonies. She looked at Jane, to see how she bore it; but   Jane was very composedly talking to Bingley. She looked at his two   sisters, and saw them making signs of derision at each other, and at   Darcy, who continued, however, imperturbably grave. She looked at her   father to entreat his interference, lest Mary should be singing all night.   He took the hint, and when Mary had finished her second song, said aloud,   “That will do extremely well, child. You have delighted us long enough.   Let the other young ladies have time to exhibit.”
最后，Bennet太太再也没什么话要说了，而Lady Lucas，为了重复她无法分享的快乐而长久地打哈欠，留给了寒冷的火腿和鸡的安慰。伊丽莎白现在开始苏醒了。但不长的宁静间隔；，当晚餐结束，唱说，她看到玛丽的死状，很小的请求后，准备给公司。许多重要的外观和无声的恳求，她尽力阻止这样的证明彬彬有礼，但徒劳无功；玛丽不理解他们；有这样一个机会展示了可爱的她，和她开始了她的歌。伊丽莎白的眼睛固定在她最痛苦的感觉，她看着她的进步通过与不耐烦，在他们接近病重奖励几小节；玛丽，在接收，在表感谢，一个希望，她可能会被说服支持他们再次暗示，后半分钟的停顿开始了另一个。玛丽的力量决不适合这样的表演；她的声音很弱，她的态度受到影响。伊丽莎白是痛苦的。她看着简，看到她如何忍受它；但简很从容地谈论宾利。她看着他的两个姐妹，看见他们在彼此的迹象，嘲笑，和达西，谁继续，然而，冷静的坟墓。她看着父亲恳求他的干预，以免玛丽整晚都在唱歌。他听了暗示，当玛丽完成了她的第二首歌时，大声说：“那很好，孩子。你使我们高兴得够久了。让其他年轻女士有时间来展览。
Mary, though pretending not to hear, was somewhat disconcerted; and   Elizabeth, sorry for her, and sorry for her father’s speech, was afraid   her anxiety had done no good. Others of the party were now applied to.
玛丽，虽然假装没听见，有点不安；伊丽莎白，对不起她，对不起她父亲的言语，生怕自己做得不好。该党的其他成员现在被申请。
“If I,” said Mr. Collins, “were so fortunate as to be able to sing, I   should have great pleasure, I am sure, in obliging the company with an   air; for I consider music as a very innocent diversion, and perfectly   compatible with the profession of a clergyman. I do not mean, however, to   assert that we can be justified in devoting too much of our time to music,   for there are certainly other things to be attended to. The rector of a   parish has much to do. In the first place, he must make such an agreement   for tithes as may be beneficial to himself and not offensive to his   patron. He must write his own sermons; and the time that remains will not   be too much for his parish duties, and the care and improvement of his   dwelling, which he cannot be excused from making as comfortable as   possible. And I do not think it of light importance that he should have   attentive and conciliatory manners towards everybody, especially towards   those to whom he owes his preferment. I cannot acquit him of that duty;   nor could I think well of the man who should omit an occasion of   testifying his respect towards anybody connected with the family.” And   with a bow to Mr. Darcy, he concluded his speech, which had been spoken so   loud as to be heard by half the room. Many stared—many smiled; but   no one looked more amused than Mr. Bennet himself, while his wife   seriously commended Mr. Collins for having spoken so sensibly, and   observed in a half-whisper to Lady Lucas, that he was a remarkably clever,   good kind of young man.
“我，”Collins先生说，“有幸能唱，我会非常高兴，我相信，在人与空气的公司；我认为音乐是一种高尚的娱乐，和牧师的职业完美兼容。然而，我并不是说，我们有理由把太多的时间花在音乐上，因为当然还有其他事情要处理。一个教区的牧师有很大关系。首先，他必须做什一税的协议可能有利于自己和不侵犯地主。他必须写他自己的布道；剩下的时间对他的教区职责，以及对他的住所的照顾和改善都不会太多，他不能让他尽可能的舒适。我认为也很重要，他应该注意和安抚的方式向大家，特别是对那些他认为他的升迁。我不能原谅他，也没有谁的责任；我应该表示尊重任何人证明他与家人一次男人想好。”达西先生鞠了一躬，他结束了他的演说，这一席话说得那么响亮被一半的房间里听到的。许多人盯着许多人笑，但没有人比Bennet先生更有趣，而他的妻子却认真地赞扬Collins先生讲得那么有道理，并对Lady Lucas耳语了一半，说他是一个非常聪明、善良的年轻人。
To Elizabeth it appeared that, had her family made an agreement to expose   themselves as much as they could during the evening, it would have been   impossible for them to play their parts with more spirit or finer success;   and happy did she think it for Bingley and her sister that some of the   exhibition had escaped his notice, and that his feelings were not of a   sort to be much distressed by the folly which he must have witnessed. That   his two sisters and Mr. Darcy, however, should have such an opportunity of   ridiculing her relations, was bad enough, and she could not determine   whether the silent contempt of the gentleman, or the insolent smiles of   the ladies, were more intolerable.
在伊丽莎白看来，她的家人达成了一个协议，使自己尽可能多的在晚上，它会给他们更多的精神或更细的成功发挥作用是不可能的；快乐的是她认为宾利和一些展览，他没有注意到她的妹妹，和他的感情是不是一种很痛心的愚蠢，他一定目睹了。不过他的两个姐妹和达西先生，但是，应该有这样一个机会嘲笑她的关系，已经够糟糕的了，她不能确定是否先生的无声的蔑视，或傲慢的微笑的女人，更不能容忍的。
The rest of the evening brought her little amusement. She was teased by   Mr. Collins, who continued most perseveringly by her side, and though he   could not prevail on her to dance with him again, put it out of her power   to dance with others. In vain did she entreat him to stand up with   somebody else, and offer to introduce him to any young lady in the room.   He assured her, that as to dancing, he was perfectly indifferent to it;   that his chief object was by delicate attentions to recommend himself to   her and that he should therefore make a point of remaining close to her   the whole evening. There was no arguing upon such a project. She owed her   greatest relief to her friend Miss Lucas, who often joined them, and   good-naturedly engaged Mr. Collins’s conversation to herself.
剩下的晚上给她带来了一些乐趣。她被Collins先生嘲笑，谁继续不断在她身边，虽然他无法请她再跟他跳一次舞，把她的力量与他人共舞。她徒劳地恳求他站出来和别人站在一起，并把他介绍给屋里的任何一位小姐。他向她保证，至于跳舞，他完全不在乎，他主要的目的是通过微妙的注意力向她推荐自己，因此他应该尽量与她保持一个晚上的距离。对这样一个项目没有争论。她欠自己的朋友卢卡斯小姐她最大的救济，经常加入他们，并善意地从事Collins先生的谈话了。
She was at least free from the offense of Mr. Darcy’s further notice;   though often standing within a very short distance of her, quite   disengaged, he never came near enough to speak. She felt it to be the   probable consequence of her allusions to Mr. Wickham, and rejoiced in it.
她至少不受达西先生进一步通知的冒犯，虽然常常站在离她很近的地方，却很闭塞，但他从不说话。她觉得这是她影射威克姆先生的可能结果，并为此感到高兴。
The Longbourn party were the last of all the company to depart, and, by a   manoeuvre of Mrs. Bennet, had to wait for their carriage a quarter of an   hour after everybody else was gone, which gave them time to see how   heartily they were wished away by some of the family. Mrs. Hurst and her   sister scarcely opened their mouths, except to complain of fatigue, and   were evidently impatient to have the house to themselves. They repulsed   every attempt of Mrs. Bennet at conversation, and by so doing threw a   languor over the whole party, which was very little relieved by the long   speeches of Mr. Collins, who was complimenting Mr. Bingley and his sisters   on the elegance of their entertainment, and the hospitality and politeness   which had marked their behaviour to their guests. Darcy said nothing at   all. Mr. Bennet, in equal silence, was enjoying the scene. Mr. Bingley and   Jane were standing together, a little detached from the rest, and talked   only to each other. Elizabeth preserved as steady a silence as either Mrs.   Hurst or Miss Bingley; and even Lydia was too much fatigued to utter more   than the occasional exclamation of “Lord, how tired I am!” accompanied by   a violent yawn.
浪搏恩方是最后所有的公司离开，被操纵的Bennet夫人，不得不等待他们的马车，一刻钟后，其他人都走了，这给了他们时间来看看他们希望尽情带走一些家庭。Hurst太太和她姐姐几乎不开口，只是抱怨疲劳，显然急于把房子给自己住。他们拒绝了Bennet夫人的每一次对话，从而把倦怠在整个党，这是由Collins先生的长篇演讲很欣慰，他称赞宾利先生和他的姐妹们自己娱乐的高雅，和好客和礼貌，有自己的行为，他们的客人。达西什么也没说。Bennet先生安静地坐在那里，欣赏着景色。宾利先生和简站在一起，和其他人有点疏远，只互相交谈。伊丽莎白像Hurst太太或宾利小姐一样，保持着一种平稳的沉默，甚至连丽迪雅也累得说不出话来：“主啊，我多么疲倦啊！”！伴随着猛烈的呵欠。
When at length they arose to take leave, Mrs. Bennet was most pressingly   civil in her hope of seeing the whole family soon at Longbourn, and   addressed herself especially to Mr. Bingley, to assure him how happy he   would make them by eating a family dinner with them at any time, without   the ceremony of a formal invitation. Bingley was all grateful pleasure,   and he readily engaged for taking the earliest opportunity of waiting on   her, after his return from London, whither he was obliged to go the next   day for a short time.
当她们终于起身告辞，Bennet夫人是最迫切希望看到公民在她全家很快就在Longbourn，和解决自己尤其是宾利先生，向他保证，他会多么高兴让他们吃家庭晚餐与他们在任何时间，没有一个正式的邀请仪式。宾利非常感激他的快乐，他欣然地答应在他从伦敦回来后，第一天就要去那里了。
Mrs. Bennet was perfectly satisfied, and quitted the house under the   delightful persuasion that, allowing for the necessary preparations of   settlements, new carriages, and wedding clothes, she should undoubtedly   see her daughter settled at Netherfield in the course of three or four   months. Of having another daughter married to Mr. Collins, she thought   with equal certainty, and with considerable, though not equal, pleasure.   Elizabeth was the least dear to her of all her children; and though the   man and the match were quite good enough for her, the worth of each   was eclipsed by Mr. Bingley and Netherfield.
Bennet太太很满意，就离开了家，愉快的劝说下，允许结算，必要的准备新的马车，和婚礼的衣服，她无疑要看到女儿定居在Netherfield在三个月或四个月的课程。她娶了另一个女儿嫁给了Collins先生，她也同样肯定地认为，尽管有着相当多但并不平等的快乐。伊丽莎白是最亲爱的她所有的孩子；虽然人与比赛很对她不够好，的价值都是由宾利先生和Netherfield黯然失色。
Chapter 19
19章
The next day opened a new scene at Longbourn. Mr. Collins made his   declaration in form. Having resolved to do it without loss of time, as his   leave of absence extended only to the following Saturday, and having no   feelings of diffidence to make it distressing to himself even at the   moment, he set about it in a very orderly manner, with all the   observances, which he supposed a regular part of the business. On finding   Mrs. Bennet, Elizabeth, and one of the younger girls together, soon after   breakfast, he addressed the mother in these words:
接下来的一天在Longbourn开设了一个新的场景。Collins先生以书面形式宣布了他的声明。决定不再耽搁时间，他休假到下星期六，和没有感情的不自信使他丝毫也不觉得在那一刻，他开始在一个非常有序，所有的仪式，他认为企业的一部分。在找到Bennet太太、伊丽莎白和一个小姑娘一起吃早饭后不久，他用这些话对母亲说：
“May I hope, madam, for your interest with your fair daughter Elizabeth,   when I solicit for the honour of a private audience with her in the course   of this morning?”
“夫人，我希望您在今天上午向她征求私人听众的荣誉时和您美丽的女儿伊丽莎白一起感兴趣吗？”“
Before Elizabeth had time for anything but a blush of surprise, Mrs.   Bennet answered instantly, “Oh dear!—yes—certainly. I am sure   Lizzy will be very happy—I am sure she can have no objection. Come,   Kitty, I want you up stairs.” And, gathering her work together, she was   hastening away, when Elizabeth called out:
伊丽莎白还没来得及脸红，Bennet太太立刻回答：“噢，亲爱的！-当然可以。我相信Lizzy会很开心，我相信她可以没有异议。“来吧，基蒂，我要你上楼去。”然后，她一边收拾她的工作，一边急忙走开，这时伊丽莎白大声喊道：
“Dear madam, do not go. I beg you will not go. Mr. Collins must excuse me.   He can have nothing to say to me that anybody need not hear. I am going   away myself.”
“亲爱的女士，不要走。我求你不要走。Collins先生必须原谅我。他没什么可以跟我说的，任何人都不需要听。我自己也要走了。”
“No, no, nonsense, Lizzy. I desire you to stay where you are.” And upon   Elizabeth’s seeming really, with vexed and embarrassed looks, about to   escape, she added: “Lizzy, I insist upon your staying and hearing   Mr. Collins.”
“不，不，胡说，Lizzy。我希望你就呆在那里。”伊丽莎白似乎真的，烦恼和尴尬的表情，要逃，她说：“Lizzy，我非要你待在这儿听Collins先生。”
Elizabeth would not oppose such an injunction—and a moment’s   consideration making her also sensible that it would be wisest to get it   over as soon and as quietly as possible, she sat down again and tried to   conceal, by incessant employment the feelings which were divided between   distress and diversion. Mrs. Bennet and Kitty walked off, and as soon as   they were gone, Mr. Collins began.
伊丽莎白不会反对这样的命令和片刻的考虑，她也很明智地很快地把这件事解决了，并尽可能平静地坐了下来，她又一次坐了下来，试图通过不断地将痛苦和分流分开的感情掩藏起来。Bennet太太和基蒂走了，他们一走，Collins先生就开始了。
“Believe me, my dear Miss Elizabeth, that your modesty, so far from doing   you any disservice, rather adds to your other perfections. You would have   been less amiable in my eyes had there not been this little   unwillingness; but allow me to assure you, that I have your respected   mother’s permission for this address. You can hardly doubt the purport of   my discourse, however your natural delicacy may lead you to dissemble; my   attentions have been too marked to be mistaken. Almost as soon as I   entered the house, I singled you out as the companion of my future life.   But before I am run away with by my feelings on this subject, perhaps it   would be advisable for me to state my reasons for marrying—and,   moreover, for coming into Hertfordshire with the design of selecting a   wife, as I certainly did.”
“相信我，我亲爱的伊丽莎白小姐，你的谦虚，从你做任何伤害到目前为止，更增加了你的其他优点。如果没有这种小小的不情愿，你在我眼里就不会那么亲切了，但请允许我向你保证，我得到了你尊敬的母亲的同意。你不能怀疑我的话语的意义，但是你的直觉会让你掩饰；我的关注已经太明显是错误的。我一进房子，就把你挑选出来，作为我未来生活的伴侣。但在我离开的这个问题我的感情，也许这将是最好的我的状态，我要结婚的理由，而且，来到哈福德郡与选择妻子的设计，因为我的确是。”
The idea of Mr. Collins, with all his solemn composure, being run away   with by his feelings, made Elizabeth so near laughing, that she could not   use the short pause he allowed in any attempt to stop him further, and he   continued:
Collins先生带着他那庄严肃穆的态度，被他的感情所赶走，这一想法使伊丽莎白笑得几乎要笑了，她不能用他短暂的停顿来阻止他继续下去，他继续说下去：
“My reasons for marrying are, first, that I think it a right thing for   every clergyman in easy circumstances (like myself) to set the example of   matrimony in his parish; secondly, that I am convinced that it will add   very greatly to my happiness; and thirdly—which perhaps I ought to   have mentioned earlier, that it is the particular advice and   recommendation of the very noble lady whom I have the honour of calling   patroness. Twice has she condescended to give me her opinion (unasked   too!) on this subject; and it was but the very Saturday night before I   left Hunsford—between our pools at quadrille, while Mrs. Jenkinson   was arranging Miss de Bourgh’s footstool, that she said, ‘Mr. Collins, you   must marry. A clergyman like you must marry. Choose properly, choose a   gentlewoman for my sake; and for your own, let her be an   active, useful sort of person, not brought up high, but able to make a   small income go a good way. This is my advice. Find such a woman as soon   as you can, bring her to Hunsford, and I will visit her.’ Allow me, by the   way, to observe, my fair cousin, that I do not reckon the notice and   kindness of Lady Catherine de Bourgh as among the least of the advantages   in my power to offer. You will find her manners beyond anything I can   describe; and your wit and vivacity, I think, must be acceptable to her,   especially when tempered with the silence and respect which her rank will   inevitably excite. Thus much for my general intention in favour of   matrimony; it remains to be told why my views were directed towards   Longbourn instead of my own neighbourhood, where I can assure you there   are many amiable young women. But the fact is, that being, as I am, to   inherit this estate after the death of your honoured father (who, however,   may live many years longer), I could not satisfy myself without resolving   to choose a wife from among his daughters, that the loss to them might be   as little as possible, when the melancholy event takes place—which,   however, as I have already said, may not be for several years. This has   been my motive, my fair cousin, and I flatter myself it will not sink me   in your esteem. And now nothing remains for me but to assure you in the   most animated language of the violence of my affection. To fortune I am   perfectly indifferent, and shall make no demand of that nature on your   father, since I am well aware that it could not be complied with; and that   one thousand pounds in the four per cents, which will not be yours till   after your mother’s decease, is all that you may ever be entitled to. On   that head, therefore, I shall be uniformly silent; and you may assure   yourself that no ungenerous reproach shall ever pass my lips when we are   married.”
“我要结婚的理由是，第一，我认为它在方便的情况下每一个牧师的事（像我一样）在他的教区树立一个婚姻的典范；其次，我深信这会大大地促进我的幸福；再次，也许我应该提到，这这是特别的建议，就是我说的守护荣誉非常高贵的女士推荐。她两次屈尊给我她的意见（问过！）对这一问题的；就在我离开汉斯福我们池之间的四对舞的星期六晚上，当詹金森太太把de Bourgh小姐的脚下，她说：“Collins先生，你必须结婚。像你这样的牧师必须结婚。选择得当，选择一个为了我淑女；为了你自己，让自己成为一个积极的、有用的女人，没有长大的高，但可以做一个小的收入不错。这是我的建议。找到一个这样的女人，只要你可以带她去Hunsford，我会去拜访她。“让我来，顺便去观察，我的表妹，我不想通知Catherine de Bourgh女士善意和其中的优势我所能提供的。你会发现她的行为超出了我所能描述的；你的聪明活泼，我认为，必须接受她，特别是当锻炼的沉默和尊重她的排名将不可避免地激发。因此，我赞成婚姻一般的意图；现在还得说为什么我的观点针对的是不是我自己附近的Longbourn，在那里我可以向你保证，有许多可爱的年轻女性。但事实是，那是，因为我，继承财产你尊敬的父亲死后（谁，但是，可以活很多年更长的时间），我无法满足自己不解决从他的女儿选择一个妻子，那他们的损失尽可能小，当忧郁的事件发生，但是，正如我已经说过的，可能不是几年。这是我的动机，我的好表妹，我自以为不会使我对你产生敬意。现在我什么也没有留下，只是用我最激动的语言来向你保证我的感情的暴力。财富我完全无动于衷，而应当在你父亲使自然没有需求，因为我很清楚，它不能被遵守；那一千磅的每股四美分，这将不是你妈妈的身后是你的直到，都能享有。在这头，因此，我应当均匀的沉默；你放心，我决不吝啬的责备的嘴唇时，我们结婚了。”
It was absolutely necessary to interrupt him now.
现在打断他是绝对必要的。
“You are too hasty, sir,” she cried. “You forget that I have made no   answer. Let me do it without further loss of time. Accept my thanks for   the compliment you are paying me. I am very sensible of the honour of your   proposals, but it is impossible for me to do otherwise than to decline   them.”
“你太草率了，先生，”她喊道。“你忘了我没有回答。”。让我做吧，不要再浪费时间了。请接受我对你给我的恭维表示感谢。我很清楚你提出的建议的荣誉，但我不可能这样做，而不是拒绝。
“I am not now to learn,” replied Mr. Collins, with a formal wave of the   hand, “that it is usual with young ladies to reject the addresses of the   man whom they secretly mean to accept, when he first applies for their   favour; and that sometimes the refusal is repeated a second, or even a   third time. I am therefore by no means discouraged by what you have just   said, and shall hope to lead you to the altar ere long.”
“我现在还不知道，”Collins先生用一种正式的挥手回答说，“年轻女士通常拒绝他在第一次申请他们的时候偷偷接受的男人的地址，有时拒绝重复一次，甚至是第三次。你刚才所说的话，我决不泄气，希望不久就把你带到祭坛上去。”
“Upon my word, sir,” cried Elizabeth, “your hope is a rather extraordinary   one after my declaration. I do assure you that I am not one of those young   ladies (if such young ladies there are) who are so daring as to risk their   happiness on the chance of being asked a second time. I am perfectly   serious in my refusal. You could not make me happy, and I am   convinced that I am the last woman in the world who could make you so.   Nay, were your friend Lady Catherine to know me, I am persuaded she would   find me in every respect ill qualified for the situation.”
“我的话，先生，”伊丽莎白叫道，“你的希望在我宣布以后是非常不寻常的。我向你保证，我不是那种年轻的女士（如果有这样的年轻女士），他们敢于冒着被问到第二次幸福的风险。我的拒绝完全是认真的。你不能使我快乐，我确信我是世界上最后一个能使你如此幸福的女人。不，你的朋友Lady Catherine是否认识我，我相信她会发现我在各方面都不称职。
“Were it certain that Lady Catherine would think so,” said Mr. Collins   very gravely—“but I cannot imagine that her ladyship would at all   disapprove of you. And you may be certain when I have the honour of seeing   her again, I shall speak in the very highest terms of your modesty,   economy, and other amiable qualification.”
“Lady Catherine会认为这样确定的，”Collins先生说的很严重”，但我不能想象夫人根本不赞成你。你可以肯定，当我有幸再次见到她时，我会以谦虚、经济和其他和蔼可亲的资格来表达你的最高要求。”
“Indeed, Mr. Collins, all praise of me will be unnecessary. You must give   me leave to judge for myself, and pay me the compliment of believing what   I say. I wish you very happy and very rich, and by refusing your hand, do   all in my power to prevent your being otherwise. In making me the offer,   you must have satisfied the delicacy of your feelings with regard to my   family, and may take possession of Longbourn estate whenever it falls,   without any self-reproach. This matter may be considered, therefore, as   finally settled.” And rising as she thus spoke, she would have quitted the   room, had Mr. Collins not thus addressed her:
“的确，Collins先生，对我的赞扬都是多余的。你必须允许我为自己作判断，并对我说的话表示称赞。我希望你非常快乐和非常富有，通过拒绝你的手，尽我所能阻止你这样做。让我提供的，你必须满足你的感情细腻的关于我的家庭，和可以采取财产的时候浪搏恩瀑布，没有任何的自责。“这件事可能会被考虑，因此，终于解决了。”她这样说，站起来，如果Collins先生没有这样称呼她，她早就离开了房间：
“When I do myself the honour of speaking to you next on the subject, I   shall hope to receive a more favourable answer than you have now given me;   though I am far from accusing you of cruelty at present, because I know it   to be the established custom of your sex to reject a man on the first   application, and perhaps you have even now said as much to encourage my   suit as would be consistent with the true delicacy of the female   character.”
“当我做我自己跟你未来学科的荣誉，我希望收到一个更有利的答案比你现在给我；我不怪你残忍的现在，因为我知道这是你的习惯性拒绝男子的第一次应用，也许你甚至现在说是鼓励我的西装比可能与女性的性格的真正美味的一致。”
“Really, Mr. Collins,” cried Elizabeth with some warmth, “you puzzle me   exceedingly. If what I have hitherto said can appear to you in the form of   encouragement, I know not how to express my refusal in such a way as to   convince you of its being one.”
“真的，Collins先生，”伊丽莎白热情地叫道，“你真让我迷惑不解。如果我迄今所说的话能以鼓励的形式出现在你面前，我不知道如何以拒绝你的方式来表达我的拒绝。
“You must give me leave to flatter myself, my dear cousin, that your   refusal of my addresses is merely words of course. My reasons for   believing it are briefly these: It does not appear to me that my hand is   unworthy of your acceptance, or that the establishment I can offer would be   any other than highly desirable. My situation in life, my connections with   the family of de Bourgh, and my relationship to your own, are   circumstances highly in my favour; and you should take it into further   consideration, that in spite of your manifold attractions, it is by no   means certain that another offer of marriage may ever be made you. Your   portion is unhappily so small that it will in all likelihood undo the   effects of your loveliness and amiable qualifications. As I must therefore   conclude that you are not serious in your rejection of me, I shall choose   to attribute it to your wish of increasing my love by suspense, according   to the usual practice of elegant females.”
“亲爱的表哥，你必须允许我奉承你，你拒绝我的讲话只不过是理所当然的话。”。我相信它的理由很简单：我认为我的手不值得你接受，或者我所能提供的任何东西都是非常理想的。我的情况在生活中，我与de Bourgh的家庭关系，和我的关系到你自己的，是高度对我有利的环境；你应该进一步考虑，在你有很多吸引人的地方，决不能肯定另一个求婚可能永远不会让你。不幸你的财产太少，这有可能影响你的可爱和撤消和蔼可亲的资格。因此，我必须断定你对我的拒绝并不认真，我会根据你优雅的女性的惯常做法，把它归因于你想用悬念增加我的爱的愿望。
“I do assure you, sir, that I have no pretensions whatever to that kind of   elegance which consists in tormenting a respectable man. I would rather be   paid the compliment of being believed sincere. I thank you again and again   for the honour you have done me in your proposals, but to accept them is   absolutely impossible. My feelings in every respect forbid it. Can I speak   plainer? Do not consider me now as an elegant female, intending to plague   you, but as a rational creature, speaking the truth from her heart.”
“我向你保证，先生，我没有冒充风雅，故意作弄一位受人尊敬的人。我宁愿接受被认为是真诚的赞美。我再次感谢你在我的提议中对我所做的贡献，但接受他们是绝对不可能的。我的感情在各方面都不允许。我能说明白吗？现在不要把我当作一个优雅的女人，故意要打扰你，而是作为一个理性的人，从她的内心说出真相。
“You are uniformly charming!” cried he, with an air of awkward gallantry;   “and I am persuaded that when sanctioned by the express authority of both   your excellent parents, my proposals will not fail of being acceptable.”
“你很有魅力！“他叫道，与尴尬的一个勇敢的空气；“我深信当由你双亲的权威，我建议将不被接受。”
To such perseverance in wilful self-deception Elizabeth would make no   reply, and immediately and in silence withdrew; determined, if he   persisted in considering her repeated refusals as flattering   encouragement, to apply to her father, whose negative might be uttered in   such a manner as to be decisive, and whose behaviour at least could not be   mistaken for the affectation and coquetry of an elegant female.
在任性的自我欺骗伊丽莎白这样的毅力也没有回答，马上不声不响地退出；确定，如果他坚持认为她一再拒绝赞美鼓励，向她的父亲，谁负可能说出以这样一种方式是决定性的，至少他们的行为不能被误解为一个高贵女性的装腔作势和撒娇。
Chapter 20
20章
Mr. Collins was not left long to the silent contemplation of his   successful love; for Mrs. Bennet, having dawdled about in the vestibule to   watch for the end of the conference, no sooner saw Elizabeth open the door   and with quick step pass her towards the staircase, than she entered the   breakfast-room, and congratulated both him and herself in warm terms on   the happy prospect of their nearer connection. Mr. Collins received and   returned these felicitations with equal pleasure, and then proceeded to   relate the particulars of their interview, with the result of which he   trusted he had every reason to be satisfied, since the refusal which his   cousin had steadfastly given him would naturally flow from her bashful   modesty and the genuine delicacy of her character.
Collins先生没长，他成功的爱静静的沉思；Bennet夫人，有过在走廊里观看大会结束的时候，一看到伊丽莎白开了门，快速的走上楼去，她走进饭厅，并祝贺他和自己在温暖的条件在他们靠近连接幸福的前景。Collins先生接受了祝贺与平等的乐趣，然后就把他们的访谈资料，以使得他相信他有理由感到满意，因为他的表妹坚决拒绝了他会很自然地从她的害羞谦虚和她性格的真正美味的流。
This information, however, startled Mrs. Bennet; she would have been glad   to be equally satisfied that her daughter had meant to encourage him by   protesting against his proposals, but she dared not believe it, and could   not help saying so.
然而，这一消息吓了Bennet太太一跳，她很高兴能同样满意地知道，她的女儿本来打算以抗议他的提议来鼓励他，但她不敢相信，禁不住这样说。
“But, depend upon it, Mr. Collins,” she added, “that Lizzy shall be   brought to reason. I will speak to her about it directly. She is a very   headstrong, foolish girl, and does not know her own interest but I will make   her know it.”
“但是，放心吧，Collins先生，”她说，“Lizzy将带来的原因。我会直接和她谈这件事。她是一个非常任性、愚蠢的女孩，不知道自己的兴趣，但我会让她知道的。
“Pardon me for interrupting you, madam,” cried Mr. Collins; “but if she is   really headstrong and foolish, I know not whether she would altogether be   a very desirable wife to a man in my situation, who naturally looks for   happiness in the marriage state. If therefore she actually persists in   rejecting my suit, perhaps it were better not to force her into accepting   me, because if liable to such defects of temper, she could not contribute   much to my felicity.”
“对不起，打断你的话，夫人，”Collins先生喊道，“但如果她真的固执和愚蠢，我不知道她是否会完全成为我这种情况下理想的妻子，她在婚姻状况中自然地寻找幸福。”。如果她真的坚持拒绝我的衣服，也许最好不要强迫她接受我，因为如果她有这样的脾气，她对我的幸福不会有多大的帮助。
“Sir, you quite misunderstand me,” said Mrs. Bennet, alarmed. “Lizzy is   only headstrong in such matters as these. In everything else she is as   good-natured a girl as ever lived. I will go directly to Mr. Bennet, and   we shall very soon settle it with her, I am sure.”
“先生，你误会我了，”Bennet太太惊恐地说。“Lizzy只是任性的在这类事情上。在其他方面，她是一个心地善良的姑娘。我马上去见Bennet先生，我很快就会和她解决的，我敢肯定。
She would not give him time to reply, but hurrying instantly to her   husband, called out as she entered the library, “Oh! Mr. Bennet, you are   wanted immediately; we are all in an uproar. You must come and make Lizzy   marry Mr. Collins, for she vows she will not have him, and if you do not   make haste he will change his mind and not have her.”
她不肯给他时间回答，而是立即赶到她的丈夫那里，当她走进图书馆时，她大声喊道：“哦！Bennet先生，你马上就要来了，我们都哗然了。你必须让Lizzy嫁给Collins先生，她发誓她不会拥有他，如果你不快点，他会改变主意，不要她了。”
Mr. Bennet raised his eyes from his book as she entered, and fixed them on   her face with a calm unconcern which was not in the least altered by her   communication.
Bennet先生从书上抬起眼皮她进入，并固定他们脸上平静的冷漠，丝毫没有改变她的沟通。
“I have not the pleasure of understanding you,” said he, when she had   finished her speech. “Of what are you talking?”
“我没能理解你的意思，”她讲完话后说。“你在说什么？”“
“Of Mr. Collins and Lizzy. Lizzy declares she will not have Mr. Collins,   and Mr. Collins begins to say that he will not have Lizzy.”
“Collins先生和Lizzy。Lizzy宣布她将不会有Collins先生和Collins先生开始说他不会有Lizzy。”
“And what am I to do on the occasion? It seems an hopeless business.”
“那我该怎么办呢？”这似乎是一件没有希望的事。”
“Speak to Lizzy about it yourself. Tell her that you insist upon her   marrying him.”
“跟Lizzy说自己。告诉她你坚持要她嫁给他。”
“Let her be called down. She shall hear my opinion.”
“叫她下去吧！”。她应该听听我的意见。”
Mrs. Bennet rang the bell, and Miss Elizabeth was summoned to the library.
Bennet太太按门铃，伊丽莎白小姐被叫到图书馆去了。
“Come here, child,” cried her father as she appeared. “I have sent for you   on an affair of importance. I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an   offer of marriage. Is it true?” Elizabeth replied that it was. “Very well—and   this offer of marriage you have refused?”
“过来，孩子，”她父亲出现时大声叫道。“我已派你去处理一件重要的事情。我知道Collins先生已经向你求婚了。这是真的吗？伊丽莎白回答说是。“很好，你拒绝了这个求婚？”“
“I have, sir.”
“我有，先生。”
“Very well. We now come to the point. Your mother insists upon your   accepting it. Is it not so, Mrs. Bennet?”
“非常好。我们现在说到要点。你母亲坚持要你接受它。不是吗，Bennet夫人？“
“Yes, or I will never see her again.”
“是的，否则我再也见不到她了。”
“An unhappy alternative is before you, Elizabeth. From this day you must   be a stranger to one of your parents. Your mother will never see you again   if you do not marry Mr. Collins, and I will never see you again if   you do.”
“一个不幸的选择在你面前，伊丽莎白。从今天起，你一定是你父母中的一个陌生人。如果你不嫁给Collins先生，你母亲就再也见不到你了，如果你再也见不到我的话，我就再也见不到你了。
Elizabeth could not but smile at such a conclusion of such a beginning,   but Mrs. Bennet, who had persuaded herself that her husband regarded the   affair as she wished, was excessively disappointed.
伊丽莎白对这样一个开头的结论不笑，但Bennet太太说服了自己，她丈夫认为这件事是她所希望的，非常失望。
“What do you mean, Mr. Bennet, in talking this way? You promised me to insist   upon her marrying him.”
“Bennet先生，你这样说是什么意思？”你答应我一定要她嫁给他。”
“My dear,” replied her husband, “I have two small favours to request.   First, that you will allow me the free use of my understanding on the   present occasion; and secondly, of my room. I shall be glad to have the   library to myself as soon as may be.”
“亲爱的，”她丈夫答道，“我有两个小小的请求。首先，你将允许我在目前的场合自由使用我的理解；第二，我的房间。我很高兴能尽快拥有图书馆。”
Not yet, however, in spite of her disappointment in her husband, did Mrs.   Bennet give up the point. She talked to Elizabeth again and again; coaxed   and threatened her by turns. She endeavoured to secure Jane in her   interest; but Jane, with all possible mildness, declined interfering; and   Elizabeth, sometimes with real earnestness, and sometimes with playful   gaiety, replied to her attacks. Though her manner varied, however, her   determination never did.
然而，尽管她对丈夫感到失望，Bennet太太还是放弃了这一点。她一次又一次地和伊丽莎白说话，轮流哄她，威胁她。她竭力争取简在她的兴趣；但简，尽可能温和，拒绝干扰；和伊丽莎白，有时一本正经，有时与嬉戏的欢乐，回答她的攻击。尽管她的态度各不相同，但她的决心从未改变。
Mr. Collins, meanwhile, was meditating in solitude on what had passed. He   thought too well of himself to comprehend on what motives his cousin could   refuse him; and though his pride was hurt, he suffered in no other way.   His regard for her was quite imaginary; and the possibility of her   deserving her mother’s reproach prevented his feeling any regret.
与此同时，Collins先生在孤独地沉思着过去的一切。他想得太清楚了，不明白他表兄会拒绝他的动机，虽然自尊心受到伤害，但他却没有别的办法。他对她的关心完全是虚构的；她应受母亲责备的可能性阻止了他感到遗憾。
While the family were in this confusion, Charlotte Lucas came to spend the   day with them. She was met in the vestibule by Lydia, who, flying to her,   cried in a half whisper, “I am glad you are come, for there is such fun   here! What do you think has happened this morning? Mr. Collins has made an   offer to Lizzy, and she will not have him.”
当家庭陷入混乱时，Charlotte Lucas来和他们一起度过了一天。丽迪雅在门厅里遇见了她，她飞到她身边，小声地喊道：“我很高兴你能来，因为这里有这么多乐趣。”！你认为今天上午发生了什么事？Collins先生向Lizzy，她不会拥有他。”
Charlotte hardly had time to answer, before they were joined by Kitty, who   came to tell the same news; and no sooner had they entered the   breakfast-room, where Mrs. Bennet was alone, than she likewise began on   the subject, calling on Miss Lucas for her compassion, and entreating her   to persuade her friend Lizzy to comply with the wishes of all her family.   “Pray do, my dear Miss Lucas,” she added in a melancholy tone, “for nobody   is on my side, nobody takes part with me. I am cruelly used, nobody feels   for my poor nerves.”
夏洛特还没来得及回答，就加入了基蒂，谁来告诉同样的消息；和他们刚走进饭厅，Bennet夫人独自一人，她也开始研究这个主题，要求卢卡斯小姐的同情，并恳求她说服她的朋友Lizzy遵守与所有家人的意愿。“祈祷吧，我亲爱的卢卡斯小姐，”她用忧郁的语调说，“因为没有人站在我这边，没有人和我在一起。”。我被残酷地使用了，没有人能感觉到我的神经不好。
Charlotte’s reply was spared by the entrance of Jane and Elizabeth.
夏洛特的回信被简和伊丽莎白的入场票所取代。
“Aye, there she comes,” continued Mrs. Bennet, “looking as unconcerned as   may be, and caring no more for us than if we were at York, provided she   can have her own way. But I tell you, Miss Lizzy—if you take it into   your head to go on refusing every offer of marriage in this way, you will   never get a husband at all—and I am sure I do not know who is to   maintain you when your father is dead. I shall not be able to keep you—and   so I warn you. I have done with you from this very day. I told you in the   library, you know, that I should never speak to you again, and you will   find me as good as my word. I have no pleasure in talking to undutiful   children. Not that I have much pleasure, indeed, in talking to anybody.   People who suffer as I do from nervous complaints can have no great   inclination for talking. Nobody can tell what I suffer! But it is always   so. Those who do not complain are never pitied.”
“是的，她来了，”Bennet太太继续说道，“看上去和我们一样漠不关心，也不在乎我们在约克的情况，只要她能有自己的路。”。但我告诉你，Lizzy小姐，如果你把它放入你的头继续这样来拒绝所有的求婚，你永远不会得到所有的丈夫，我不知道谁是你父亲死后保持你。我不能留住你，所以我警告你。从今天起我就和你做了。我在图书馆告诉过你，你知道，我再也不会和你说话了，你会发现我的话是对的。我没有心情跟不孝的孩子。并不是说我真的很高兴能和任何人交谈。像我这样从神经质的抱怨中受苦的人，不会有太大的谈话倾向。谁也说不出我受了什么苦！但总是如此。那些不抱怨，从不怜悯。”
Her daughters listened in silence to this effusion, sensible that any   attempt to reason with her or soothe her would only increase the   irritation. She talked on, therefore, without interruption from any of   them, till they were joined by Mr. Collins, who entered the room with an   air more stately than usual, and on perceiving whom, she said to the   girls, “Now, I do insist upon it, that you, all of you, hold your tongues,   and let me and Mr. Collins have a little conversation together.”
她的女儿们静静地听着这种积液，明白任何想跟她讲道理或安慰她的企图只会增加她的恼怒。她说，因此，不中断任何他们，直到他们被Collins先生加入，谁进入的空气比往常更庄严的房间，见到他，她说的女孩，现在，我也要坚持，你，你们，把你的舌头，让我和Collins先生在一起有一个小小的谈话。”
Elizabeth passed quietly out of the room, Jane and Kitty followed, but   Lydia stood her ground, determined to hear all she could; and Charlotte,   detained first by the civility of Mr. Collins, whose inquiries after   herself and all her family were very minute, and then by a little   curiosity, satisfied herself with walking to the window and pretending not   to hear. In a doleful voice Mrs. Bennet began the projected conversation:   “Oh! Mr. Collins!”
伊丽莎白悄悄地走出房间，简和基蒂紧随其后，但丽迪雅坚持自己的立场，决定要听听她所能；和夏洛特的先行拘留Collins先生的礼貌的询问后，她和她的家人都很微小，然后在好奇心的驱使下，满意地走到窗口并假装听不见。在一个寂寞的声音，Bennet夫人开始谈出来：“哦！Collins先生！“
“My dear madam,” replied he, “let us be for ever silent on this point. Far   be it from me,” he presently continued, in a voice that marked his   displeasure, “to resent the behaviour of your daughter. Resignation to   inevitable evils is the duty of us all; the peculiar duty of a young man   who has been so fortunate as I have been in early preferment; and I trust   I am resigned. Perhaps not the less so from feeling a doubt of my positive   happiness had my fair cousin honoured me with her hand; for I have often   observed that resignation is never so perfect as when the blessing denied   begins to lose somewhat of its value in our estimation. You will not, I   hope, consider me as showing any disrespect to your family, my dear madam,   by thus withdrawing my pretensions to your daughter’s favour, without   having paid yourself and Mr. Bennet the compliment of requesting you to   interpose your authority in my behalf. My conduct may, I fear, be   objectionable in having accepted my dismission from your daughter’s lips   instead of your own. But we are all liable to error. I have certainly   meant well through the whole affair. My object has been to secure an   amiable companion for myself, with due consideration for the advantage of   all your family, and if my manner has been at all reprehensible, I   here beg leave to apologise.”
“我亲爱的夫人，”他答道，“让我们在这一点上永远保持沉默。”。“远不是我的意思，”他马上用一种表示不满的声音继续说道：“对你女儿的行为表示反感。辞职不可避免的罪恶是我们的职责；一个年轻人一直为我已经在早期表现如此幸运的特殊义务；我相信我辞职。也许我对我积极的幸福感到怀疑，而我的表妹却用她的手来荣耀我，因为我经常观察到，辞职从来就不是完美的，就像在我们的估计中，失去的祝福开始失去它的价值。我希望你不会，认为我表现出任何不尊重你的家人，我亲爱的夫人，这样收回我的自负你女儿的青睐，而不必支付自己和Bennet先生要求你插入你的权威代表我的赞美。我的行为，我害怕，在接受我的离职从你女儿的嘴唇而不是你自己的反感。但我们都容易出错。在整个事件中，我当然是好意。我的目的就是要找一个自己可爱的伴侣，为你所有的家庭的优势考虑，如果我的态度一直都应该受到谴责，我在这里乞求离开道歉。”
Chapter 21
21章
The discussion of Mr. Collins’s offer was now nearly at an end, and   Elizabeth had only to suffer from the uncomfortable feelings necessarily   attending it, and occasionally from some peevish allusions of her mother.   As for the gentleman himself, his feelings were chiefly expressed,   not by embarrassment or dejection, or by trying to avoid her, but by   stiffness of manner and resentful silence. He scarcely ever spoke to her,   and the assiduous attentions which he had been so sensible of himself were   transferred for the rest of the day to Miss Lucas, whose civility in   listening to him was a seasonable relief to them all, and especially to   her friend.
Collins先生提出的讨论是现在快结束了，伊丽莎白只遭受一定参加它的不舒服的感觉，偶尔从母亲一些倔强的典故。至于先生本人，他的感情主要是表达，不是尴尬或沮丧，或试图避开她，但刚度的方式和愤怒的沉默。他几乎没有和她说话，他对自己如此殷勤的殷勤的殷勤，在一天余下的时间里都被转移到卢卡斯小姐身上，她听他的话是对他们所有人，特别是对她的朋友的一种及时的安慰。
The morrow produced no abatement of Mrs. Bennet’s ill-humour or ill   health. Mr. Collins was also in the same state of angry pride. Elizabeth   had hoped that his resentment might shorten his visit, but his plan did   not appear in the least affected by it. He was always to have gone on   Saturday, and to Saturday he meant to stay.
翌日，Bennet太太的坏脾气和健康状况都没有好转。Collins先生也有同样的愤怒自豪感。伊丽莎白原希望他的怨恨能缩短他的访问时间，但他的计划丝毫没有受到影响。他总是星期六走，到星期六他打算留下来。
After breakfast, the girls walked to Meryton to inquire if Mr. Wickham   were returned, and to lament over his absence from the Netherfield ball.   He joined them on their entering the town, and attended them to their   aunt’s where his regret and vexation, and the concern of everybody, was   well talked over. To Elizabeth, however, he voluntarily acknowledged that   the necessity of his absence had been self-imposed.
早餐后，姑娘们上麦里屯去打听威克姆先生回来了，和哀悼他的从Netherfield球没有。他和他们一起进了城里，把他们带到姨妈家去，在那里，他的悔恨和烦恼，以及每个人的关心都得到了充分的讨论。然而，对伊丽莎白来说，他自愿承认他缺席的必要性是他自己强加的。
“I found,” said he, “as the time drew near that I had better not meet Mr.   Darcy; that to be in the same room, the same party with him for so many   hours together, might be more than I could bear, and that scenes might   arise unpleasant to more than myself.”
“我找到了，”他说，“随着时间的推移，我最好不要见达西先生，同一个房间里，同他在一起这么多时间，也许我已经受不了了，场面可能会比我自己更不愉快。”
She highly approved his forbearance, and they had leisure for a full   discussion of it, and for all the commendation which they civilly bestowed   on each other, as Wickham and another officer walked back with them to   Longbourn, and during the walk he particularly attended to her. His   accompanying them was a double advantage; she felt all the compliment it   offered to herself, and it was most acceptable as an occasion of   introducing him to her father and mother.
她非常赞成他的宽容，他们有闲暇充分讨论，为表彰他们礼貌地给对方，威克姆和另一名警官走带回Longbourn，并在行走过程中他特别照顾她。他陪着他们是一种双重优势；她觉得它给了她所有的赞美，这是最容易接受的，是把她介绍给她父亲和母亲的时候。
Soon after their return, a letter was delivered to Miss Bennet; it came   from Netherfield. The envelope contained a sheet of elegant, little,   hot-pressed paper, well covered with a lady’s fair, flowing hand; and   Elizabeth saw her sister’s countenance change as she read it, and saw her   dwelling intently on some particular passages. Jane recollected herself   soon, and putting the letter away, tried to join with her usual   cheerfulness in the general conversation; but Elizabeth felt an anxiety on   the subject which drew off her attention even from Wickham; and no sooner   had he and his companion taken leave, than a glance from Jane invited her   to follow her up stairs. When they had gained their own room, Jane, taking   out the letter, said:
他们回来后不久，来了一封信给Bennet小姐；它来自Netherfield。信封里有一张雅致的小的烫着的纸，上面满是一位女士的光滑的手，伊丽莎白看到她姐姐的脸色随着她看了而变了，她看到她全神贯注地注视着某些特定的段落。简很快就回想起了自己，把信放在一边，试着和她平常的谈话愉快地交谈起来，但伊丽莎白对这个话题感到焦虑，甚至连威克姆也没有引起她的注意，他和同伴一离开，简就瞥了她一眼，请她跟着她上楼。当他们有了自己的房间时，简拿出信，说：
“This is from Caroline Bingley; what it contains has surprised me a good   deal. The whole party have left Netherfield by this time, and are on their   way to town—and without any intention of coming back again. You   shall hear what she says.”
“这是Caroline Bingley写的，里面的东西让我大吃一惊。”。全党必须离开Netherfield的时候，和正在镇上不打算再回来。你应该听听她说什么。”
She then read the first sentence aloud, which comprised the information of   their having just resolved to follow their brother to town directly, and   of their meaning to dine in Grosvenor Street, where Mr. Hurst had a house.   The next was in these words: “I do not pretend to regret anything I shall   leave in Hertfordshire, except your society, my dearest friend; but we   will hope, at some future period, to enjoy many returns of that delightful   intercourse we have known, and in the meanwhile may lessen the pain of   separation by a very frequent and most unreserved correspondence. I depend   on you for that.” To these highflown expressions Elizabeth listened with   all the insensibility of distrust; and though the suddenness of their   removal surprised her, she saw nothing in it really to lament; it was not   to be supposed that their absence from Netherfield would prevent Mr.   Bingley’s being there; and as to the loss of their society, she was   persuaded that Jane must cease to regard it, in the enjoyment of his.
然后她读了第一句朗读，包括他们已经决定跟随自己的哥哥去镇上直接的信息，而且要在格罗夫纳街吃饭，在Hurst先生的房子。其次是这句话：“我不想后悔，我要离开赫特福德郡了，除了你的社会，我最亲爱的朋友；但我们希望，在未来的某个时期，享受很多的回报，愉快的交往，我们已经知道，同时可以通过一个非常频繁的和最无保留的信件减轻分离的痛苦。我依靠你。”伊丽莎白听了这些highflown表达所有的不信任的感觉；虽然它们去除的意外使她吃惊，她什么也没看见真的悲哀；这是不被认为他们不在Netherfield会阻止宾利先生的存在；并对其社会的损失，她相信简必须停止把它，在他享受。
“It is unlucky,” said she, after a short pause, “that you should not be   able to see your friends before they leave the country. But may we not   hope that the period of future happiness to which Miss Bingley looks   forward may arrive earlier than she is aware, and that the delightful   intercourse you have known as friends will be renewed with yet greater   satisfaction as sisters? Mr. Bingley will not be detained in London by   them.”
“真不走运，”她停顿了片刻后说，“在你离开这个国家之前，你不应该去看你的朋友。但是，我们不希望宾利小姐期待的未来幸福期可能比她意识到的来得早，你们作为朋友的愉快的交往会像姐妹一样得到更大的满足吗？宾利先生不会被他们扣留在伦敦。”
“Caroline decidedly says that none of the party will return into   Hertfordshire this winter. I will read it to you:”
”卡洛琳肯定地说，党都将返回到哈福德郡的这个冬天。我念给你听：“
“When my brother left us yesterday, he imagined that the business which   took him to London might be concluded in three or four days; but as we are   certain it cannot be so, and at the same time convinced that when Charles   gets to town he will be in no hurry to leave it again, we have determined   on following him thither, that he may not be obliged to spend his vacant   hours in a comfortless hotel. Many of my acquaintances are already there   for the winter; I wish that I could hear that you, my dearest friend, had   any intention of making one of the crowd—but of that I despair. I   sincerely hope your Christmas in Hertfordshire may abound in the gaieties   which that season generally brings, and that your beaux will be so   numerous as to prevent your feeling the loss of the three of whom we shall   deprive you.”
“当我的弟弟离开了我们，昨天，他想到把他带到伦敦的企业可能会在三天或四天结束；但我们一定不能那样，同时相信查尔斯到镇上他将不会急于离开它，我们已决定去跟着他，他不可能不得不在不舒服的酒店度过他的空闲时间。我的许多熟人都已经在那里过冬了，我希望我能听到你，我最亲爱的朋友，有意要成为人群中的一员，但我却绝望了。我衷心地希望你在赫特福德郡过圣诞节，可能盛产季节一般带来的欢乐，和你的情人会如此众多，为了防止你的感觉三人的损失，我们将剥夺你的。”
“It is evident by this,” added Jane, “that he comes back no more this   winter.”
“很明显，”简补充道，“他今年冬天再也不会回来了。”
“It is only evident that Miss Bingley does not mean that he should.”
“很明显，宾利小姐并不意味着他应该这样做。”
“Why will you think so? It must be his own doing. He is his own master.   But you do not know all. I will read you the passage which   particularly hurts me. I will have no reserves from you.”
“你为什么这么想？那一定是他自己做的。他是自己的主人。但你不全知道。我会给你读一段特别伤害我的文章。我不会向你提供任何储备。
“Mr. Darcy is impatient to see his sister; and, to confess the truth, we   are scarcely less eager to meet her again. I really do not think Georgiana   Darcy has her equal for beauty, elegance, and accomplishments; and the   affection she inspires in Louisa and myself is heightened into something   still more interesting, from the hope we dare entertain of her being   hereafter our sister. I do not know whether I ever before mentioned to you   my feelings on this subject; but I will not leave the country without   confiding them, and I trust you will not esteem them unreasonable. My   brother admires her greatly already; he will have frequent opportunity now   of seeing her on the most intimate footing; her relations all wish the   connection as much as his own; and a sister’s partiality is not misleading   me, I think, when I call Charles most capable of engaging any woman’s   heart. With all these circumstances to favour an attachment, and nothing   to prevent it, am I wrong, my dearest Jane, in indulging the hope of an   event which will secure the happiness of so many?”
“达西先生急着要去见他的妹妹，而且说实话，我们也不急于再见到她。我真的不认为Georgiana Darcy有她等于美丽，优雅，和成就；而对她便在我和路易莎的东西更有趣了，我们敢接受她以后会做我们的姐姐的希望。我不知道以前有没有跟你提起过我对这件事的感觉；但我不相信他们离开这个国家，我相信你不会觉得这是不合理的。我哥哥已经非常钦佩她了，他现在会有机会在最亲密的基础上见到她；她的关系都希望和他自己的关系一样，妹妹的偏爱不会误导我，我想，当我叫查尔斯最能吸引任何女人的心时。在所有这些情况下，我倾向于依附，而没有什么可以阻止它，我错了，我最亲爱的简，纵容了一个能使许多人幸福的事件的希望吗？“
“What do you think of this sentence, my dear Lizzy?” said Jane as   she finished it. “Is it not clear enough? Does it not expressly declare   that Caroline neither expects nor wishes me to be her sister; that she is   perfectly convinced of her brother’s indifference; and that if she   suspects the nature of my feelings for him, she means (most kindly!) to   put me on my guard? Can there be any other opinion on the subject?”
“你怎么看这句话，我亲爱的Lizzy？简说完后说。“还不够清楚吗？”它没有明确声明卡洛琳既不期望也不希望我做她的妹妹，她完全相信她哥哥的冷漠；如果她怀疑我对他感情的本质，她就意味着（最亲切的）！让我警惕？关于这个问题还有其他意见吗？“
“Yes, there can; for mine is totally different. Will you hear it?”
“是的，可以，因为我的完全不同。”。你会听到吗？“
“Most willingly.”
“心甘情愿。”
“You shall have it in a few words. Miss Bingley sees that her brother is   in love with you, and wants him to marry Miss Darcy. She follows him to   town in hope of keeping him there, and tries to persuade you that he does   not care about you.”
“你用几句话就得了。”。宾利小姐看到她哥哥爱上了你，想让他娶达西小姐。她跟着他进城，希望把他留在那里，并设法说服你，他并不在乎你。
Jane shook her head.
简摇摇头。
“Indeed, Jane, you ought to believe me. No one who has ever seen you   together can doubt his affection. Miss Bingley, I am sure, cannot. She is   not such a simpleton. Could she have seen half as much love in Mr. Darcy   for herself, she would have ordered her wedding clothes. But the case is   this: We are not rich enough or grand enough for them; and she is the more   anxious to get Miss Darcy for her brother, from the notion that when there   has been one intermarriage, she may have less trouble in achieving   a second; in which there is certainly some ingenuity, and I dare say it   would succeed, if Miss de Bourgh were out of the way. But, my dearest   Jane, you cannot seriously imagine that because Miss Bingley tells you her   brother greatly admires Miss Darcy, he is in the smallest degree less   sensible of your merit than when he took leave of you on Tuesday,   or that it will be in her power to persuade him that, instead of being in   love with you, he is very much in love with her friend.”
“真的，简，你应该相信我。从来没有见过你在一起的人会怀疑他的感情。我肯定宾利小姐不会。她是不是这样一个傻瓜。她能在达西先生身上看到一半的爱吗？。但情况是这样的：我们还不够富有，或大够他们；她更渴望得到达西小姐的弟弟，从概念，当有人通婚，她可能在实现二麻烦少了；其中有一定的独创性，我敢说它会成功，如果de Bourgh小姐的出路。但是，我最亲爱的简，你无法想象的严重，因为宾利小姐告诉你她的哥哥非常欣赏达西小姐，他是在最小的程度不知道你的功绩比当他离开了你上星期二，还是将她的力量说服他，而不是爱你，他与她的朋友很爱。”
“If we thought alike of Miss Bingley,” replied Jane, “your representation   of all this might make me quite easy. But I know the foundation is unjust.   Caroline is incapable of wilfully deceiving anyone; and all that I can   hope in this case is that she is deceiving herself.”
“如果我们和宾利小姐的想法一样，”简回答说，“你对这一切的陈述可能使我很容易。”。但我知道基础是不公平的。卡洛琳不可能任意欺骗任何人，而我在这种情况下唯一希望的是她在欺骗自己。”
“That is right. You could not have started a more happy idea, since you   will not take comfort in mine. Believe her to be deceived, by all means.   You have now done your duty by her, and must fret no longer.”
“那是对的。你不可能有一个更幸福的想法，因为你不会在我的身上得到安慰。相信她一定被骗了。你现在已经履行了她的职责，不再烦恼了。”
“But, my dear sister, can I be happy, even supposing the best, in   accepting a man whose sisters and friends are all wishing him to marry   elsewhere?”
“可是，我亲爱的姐姐，我能感到幸福吗？即使是最好的，还是接受一个姐妹和朋友都希望他在别处结婚的男人？”“
“You must decide for yourself,” said Elizabeth; “and if, upon mature   deliberation, you find that the misery of disobliging his two sisters is   more than equivalent to the happiness of being his wife, I advise you by   all means to refuse him.”
“你必须自己做决定，”伊丽莎白说；“如果，在酝酿成熟，你发现体贴他的两个姐妹的痛苦超过相当于被他妻子的幸福，我建议你用一切手段去拒绝他。”
“How can you talk so?” said Jane, faintly smiling. “You must know that   though I should be exceedingly grieved at their disapprobation, I could   not hesitate.”
“你怎么能这样说话？”简淡淡地笑着说。“你要知道，虽然我万分的不答应，我会毫不犹豫的。”
“I did not think you would; and that being the case, I cannot consider   your situation with much compassion.”
“我没想到你会这样，既然如此，我就不能十分同情地考虑你的处境了。”
“But if he returns no more this winter, my choice will never be required.   A thousand things may arise in six months!”
“但是，如果他今年冬天不再回来，我的选择将永远不会被要求。”。六个月后可能发生一千件事！“
The idea of his returning no more Elizabeth treated with the utmost   contempt. It appeared to her merely the suggestion of Caroline’s   interested wishes, and she could not for a moment suppose that those   wishes, however openly or artfully spoken, could influence a young man so   totally independent of everyone.
他不再回来的想法受到伊丽莎白的极大蔑视。似乎她只是建议卡洛琳感兴趣的愿望，她也不以为这些愿望，然而公开或巧妙的话，可以影响一个年轻人，完全独立的人。
She represented to her sister as forcibly as possible what she felt on the   subject, and had soon the pleasure of seeing its happy effect. Jane’s   temper was not desponding, and she was gradually led to hope, though the   diffidence of affection sometimes overcame the hope, that Bingley would   return to Netherfield and answer every wish of her heart.
她尽可能地向她姐姐表示她对这个问题的看法，很快就高兴地看到了它的快乐效果。简的脾气并没有消沉，她渐渐产生了希望，虽然有时感情内向了希望，宾利将返回Netherfield，回答她的心的每一个愿望。
They agreed that Mrs. Bennet should only hear of the departure of the   family, without being alarmed on the score of the gentleman’s conduct; but   even this partial communication gave her a great deal of concern, and she   bewailed it as exceedingly unlucky that the ladies should happen to go   away just as they were all getting so intimate together. After lamenting   it, however, at some length, she had the consolation that Mr. Bingley   would be soon down again and soon dining at Longbourn, and the conclusion   of all was the comfortable declaration, that though he had been invited   only to a family dinner, she would take care to have two full courses.
他们认为Bennet夫人应该只听到家人的离去，没有惊动的绅士进行评分；但即使这部分交流给了她极大的关注，她为这非常不幸，女士们应该发生在他们刚刚都这么亲密的一起走。后感叹，然而，在一些长度，她安慰宾利先生不久就会回来，餐厅在Longbourn，和所有的结论是舒适的宣言，虽然他被邀请只有一家人吃饭，她会照顾到有两个完整的课程。
Chapter 22
22章
The Bennets were engaged to dine with the Lucases and again during the   chief of the day was Miss Lucas so kind as to listen to Mr. Collins.   Elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her. “It keeps him in good   humour,” said she, “and I am more obliged to you than I can express.”   Charlotte assured her friend of her satisfaction in being useful, and that   it amply repaid her for the little sacrifice of her time. This was very   amiable, but Charlotte’s kindness extended farther than Elizabeth had any   conception of; its object was nothing else than to secure her from any   return of Mr. Collins’s addresses, by engaging them towards herself. Such   was Miss Lucas’s scheme; and appearances were so favourable, that when   they parted at night, she would have felt almost secure of success if he   had not been to leave Hertfordshire so very soon. But here she did   injustice to the fire and independence of his character, for it led him to   escape out of Longbourn House the next morning with admirable slyness, and   hasten to Lucas Lodge to throw himself at her feet. He was anxious to   avoid the notice of his cousins, from a conviction that if they saw him   depart, they could not fail to conjecture his design, and he was not   willing to have the attempt known till its success might be known   likewise; for though feeling almost secure, and with reason, for Charlotte   had been tolerably encouraging, he was comparatively diffident since the   adventure of Wednesday. His reception, however, was of the most flattering   kind. Miss Lucas perceived him from an upper window as he walked towards   the house, and instantly set out to meet him accidentally in the lane. But   little had she dared to hope that so much love and eloquence awaited her   there.
一家从事与卢卡斯家吃饭，又在一天中的首领是卢卡斯小姐，听Collins先生种。伊丽莎白抓住机会感谢她。“这使他保持了良好的幽默感，”她说，“我对你的感激之情比我所能表达的要多。”夏洛特向她的朋友保证她对有用的东西感到满意，并为她那小小的牺牲而回报了她。这是非常和蔼可亲的，但夏洛特的善意远比伊丽莎白所想象的要多，其目的是为了使她不受Collins先生地址的任何回报，使她对自己有兴趣。这是卢卡斯小姐的方案；并表现非常有利，晚上大家分手的时候，她会感到几乎安全成功，如果他没有离开哈福德郡，所以很快。但在这里，她也不火，他的性格独立，这使他逃脱了浪搏恩府非常狡猾的次日早晨，催Lucas Lodge拜倒在她脚下。他急于避免他的堂兄弟的通知，从一个信念，如果他们看到他离开后，他们不能不猜想他的设计，他不愿意尝试了解到其成功可能是已知的同样；虽然感觉到安全，因此，夏洛特已经相当令人鼓舞，他是比较不同因为冒险的星期三。不过，他的招待是最讨人喜欢的一种。卢卡斯小姐从楼上的窗口看到他朝房子走去，立刻在车道上偶然遇见了他。但她不敢指望有那么多的爱和雄辩在那里等着她。
In as short a time as Mr. Collins’s long speeches would allow, everything   was settled between them to the satisfaction of both; and as they entered   the house he earnestly entreated her to name the day that was to make him   the happiest of men; and though such a solicitation must be waived for the   present, the lady felt no inclination to trifle with his happiness. The   stupidity with which he was favoured by nature must guard his courtship   from any charm that could make a woman wish for its continuance; and Miss   Lucas, who accepted him solely from the pure and disinterested desire of   an establishment, cared not how soon that establishment were gained.
在短短的一段时间里，Collins先生的长篇演讲会允许，一切都解决了他们之间的满意度；当他们进入房子，他热切地恳求她名字，使他成为世界上最幸福的人的一天；虽然这样的请求必须放弃现在，这位女士感到不想玩弄自己的幸福。他天生喜欢的愚蠢行为，必须使他的求爱从任何能使女人希望延续下去的魅力中得到保护；而卢卡斯小姐仅仅是从一个机构的单纯和无私的愿望中接受他，并不关心这个机构的成立有多快。
Sir William and Lady Lucas were speedily applied to for their consent; and   it was bestowed with a most joyful alacrity. Mr. Collins’s present   circumstances made it a most eligible match for their daughter, to whom   they could give little fortune; and his prospects of future wealth were   exceedingly fair. Lady Lucas began directly to calculate, with more   interest than the matter had ever excited before, how many years longer   Mr. Bennet was likely to live; and Sir William gave it as his decided   opinion, that whenever Mr. Collins should be in possession of the   Longbourn estate, it would be highly expedient that both he and his wife   should make their appearance at St. James’s. The whole family, in short,   were properly overjoyed on the occasion. The younger girls formed hopes of   coming out a year or two sooner than they might otherwise have   done; and the boys were relieved from their apprehension of Charlotte’s   dying an old maid. Charlotte herself was tolerably composed. She had   gained her point, and had time to consider of it. Her reflections were in   general satisfactory. Mr. Collins, to be sure, was neither sensible nor   agreeable; his society was irksome, and his attachment to her must be   imaginary. But still he would be her husband. Without thinking highly   either of men or matrimony, marriage had always been her object; it was   the only provision for well-educated young women of small fortune, and   however uncertain of giving happiness, must be their pleasantest   preservative from want. This preservative she had now obtained; and at the   age of twenty-seven, without having ever been handsome, she felt all the   good luck of it. The least agreeable circumstance in the business was the   surprise it must occasion to Elizabeth Bennet, whose friendship she valued   beyond that of any other person. Elizabeth would wonder, and probably   would blame her; and though her resolution was not to be shaken, her   feelings must be hurt by such a disapprobation. She resolved to give her   the information herself, and therefore charged Mr. Collins, when he   returned to Longbourn to dinner, to drop no hint of what had passed before   any of the family. A promise of secrecy was of course very dutifully   given, but it could not be kept without difficulty; for the curiosity   excited by his long absence burst forth in such very direct questions on   his return as required some ingenuity to evade, and he was at the same   time exercising great self-denial, for he was longing to publish his   prosperous love.
威廉爵士和Lady Lucas被迅速应用到他们的同意；它赋予了最快乐的一个活泼。Collins先生目前的处境使它成为最适合他们的女儿，他们可以给他们一点财富，而他未来财富的前景是极其公平的。卢卡斯夫人开始直接进行计算，与更多的利益比物质曾经激动过，多少年的时间Bennet先生可能生活；威廉爵士了他的决定的意见，每当Collins先生应该在Longbourn的财产，这将是非常有利的，他和他的妻子都要总之，让他们在圣杰姆斯的整个家庭，外观，适当喜出望外之际。年轻的女孩们希望能比她们早一年或两个月出来的希望更大一些，而男孩们则放心地不去担心夏洛特即将死去的老处女。夏洛特本人相当组成。她明白了她的意思，并有时间考虑它。她的反映大体上令人满意。Collins先生，可以肯定的是，既不明智也不舒服；他的社会是讨厌的，他她必须虚连接。但他仍然是她的丈夫。没有思想的高度不是男人或结婚，结婚到底是她一贯的目标；这是受过良好教育的年轻小财富女性唯一的规定，而不给的幸福，一定是他们最想要的防腐剂。她现在已经得到了这种防腐剂；在二十七岁的时候，她从未有过漂亮的外表，但她觉得这一切都是好运气。在生意场上最不合意的情况是，Elizabeth Bennet一定会感到意外，因为她的友谊比任何人都珍贵。伊丽莎白想，也许会责怪她；尽管她不会动摇决心，她的感情必须通过这样一种不伤害。她决定给自己的信息，并因此起诉Collins先生，当他回到Longbourn去吃饭，不要暗示什么过去了，任何的家庭。保密的诺言当然很尽职尽责，但不能不困难；因他长期缺席激发好奇心迸发，这样很直接的问题他回来需要一些智慧，逃避，和他同时行使巨大的自我否定，因为他想出版他的繁荣的爱。
As he was to begin his journey too early on the morrow to see any of the   family, the ceremony of leave-taking was performed when the ladies moved   for the night; and Mrs. Bennet, with great politeness and cordiality, said   how happy they should be to see him at Longbourn again, whenever his   engagements might allow him to visit them.
当他开始他的旅程太次日清早看到任何家庭的仪式，告别时女人一起过夜；Bennet夫人，极有礼貌地说，多么幸福，他们应该在Longbourn再次见到他，每当他的约会可能让他拜访他们。
“My dear madam,” he replied, “this invitation is particularly gratifying,   because it is what I have been hoping to receive; and you may be very   certain that I shall avail myself of it as soon as possible.”
“我亲爱的夫人，”他回答说，“这个邀请特别令人满意，因为这是我一直希望得到的，而且你可以非常肯定，我将尽可能快地利用它。”
They were all astonished; and Mr. Bennet, who could by no means wish for   so speedy a return, immediately said:
他们都很惊讶，Bennet先生也不想这么快就回来了：
“But is there not danger of Lady Catherine’s disapprobation here, my good   sir? You had better neglect your relations than run the risk of offending   your patroness.”
“但是没有Lady Catherine的非难这里危险，我的好先生？你最好把亲戚关系比得罪了你的女施主的风险。”
“My dear sir,” replied Mr. Collins, “I am particularly obliged to you for   this friendly caution, and you may depend upon my not taking so material a   step without her ladyship’s concurrence.”
“我亲爱的先生，”Collins先生说，“我非常感激你这样友好的警告，你可以依靠我没有采取这样重大的一步没有夫人的同意。”
“You cannot be too much upon your guard. Risk anything rather than her   displeasure; and if you find it likely to be raised by your coming to us   again, which I should think exceedingly probable, stay quietly at home,   and be satisfied that we shall take no offence.”
“你不能太过警惕。冒任何风险，而不是她的不悦；如果你发现它可能会由于你再次来到我们身边而引起，我认为这是极有可能的，那就安静地呆在家里，并确信我们不会冒犯你。
“Believe me, my dear sir, my gratitude is warmly excited by such   affectionate attention; and depend upon it, you will speedily receive from   me a letter of thanks for this, and for every other mark of your regard   during my stay in Hertfordshire. As for my fair cousins, though my absence   may not be long enough to render it necessary, I shall now take the   liberty of wishing them health and happiness, not excepting my cousin   Elizabeth.”
“相信我，亲爱的先生，我的感激之情是如此地专注热烈兴奋；放心好了，你马上就会收到我一封感谢信为本，为你把所有其他标志在我呆在赫特福德郡。至于我的好兄弟们，虽然我的缺席可能不够长，所以现在我可以自由地祝他们健康幸福，我的表弟伊丽莎白也不例外。
With proper civilities the ladies then withdrew; all of them equally   surprised that he meditated a quick return. Mrs. Bennet wished to   understand by it that he thought of paying his addresses to one of her   younger girls, and Mary might have been prevailed on to accept him. She   rated his abilities much higher than any of the others; there was a   solidity in his reflections which often struck her, and though by no means   so clever as herself, she thought that if encouraged to read and improve   himself by such an example as hers, he might become a very agreeable   companion. But on the following morning, every hope of this kind was done   away. Miss Lucas called soon after breakfast, and in a private conference   with Elizabeth related the event of the day before.
用适当的礼貌的女士然后退出；他们都同样感到惊讶，他竟打算很快就回来。Bennet太太想明白，他想把自己的地址交给她的一个年轻姑娘，玛丽可能会被说服接受他。她对他的能力评价比其他任何人都高得多；她的沉思中有一种坚定的感觉，常常使她感到震惊，尽管她没有自己那么聪明，但她认为，如果鼓励她以自己的榜样来阅读和提高自己，他可能会成为一个非常令人愉快的伴侣。但是第二天早上，这种希望都消失了。卢卡斯小姐吃过早饭后马上打电话，和伊丽莎白私下讨论了前天发生的事情。
The possibility of Mr. Collins’s fancying himself in love with her friend   had once occurred to Elizabeth within the last day or two; but that   Charlotte could encourage him seemed almost as far from possibility as she   could encourage him herself, and her astonishment was consequently so   great as to overcome at first the bounds of decorum, and she could not   help crying out:
可能Collins先生认为自己爱上她的朋友曾经发生在伊丽莎白在最后一天或两；但夏洛特能鼓励他几乎不可能，因为她能鼓励他自己，她是如此伟大的先礼貌的界限，她能克服，不住哭了出来：
“Engaged to Mr. Collins! My dear Charlotte—impossible!”
“和Collins先生订婚了！我亲爱的夏洛特不可能！“
The steady countenance which Miss Lucas had commanded in telling her   story, gave way to a momentary confusion here on receiving so direct a   reproach; though, as it was no more than she expected, she soon regained   her composure, and calmly replied:
卢卡斯小姐在讲述她的故事时所表现出的坚定的表情，使她一时感到困惑，因为她受到了如此直接的责备；尽管这并不像她所期望的那样，她很快恢复了镇静，平静地回答：
“Why should you be surprised, my dear Eliza? Do you think it incredible   that Mr. Collins should be able to procure any woman’s good opinion,   because he was not so happy as to succeed with you?”
“亲爱的付然，你为什么要吃惊呢？”你认为Collins先生应该能够获得任何女人的好感吗？“
But Elizabeth had now recollected herself, and making a strong effort for   it, was able to assure with tolerable firmness that the prospect of their   relationship was highly grateful to her, and that she wished her all   imaginable happiness.
但伊丽莎白现在回想起来，为这件事付出了很大的努力，她能以一种可以容忍的坚定态度保证，他们关系的前景对她非常感激，她祝愿她一切都能想象得到幸福。
“I see what you are feeling,” replied Charlotte. “You must be surprised,   very much surprised—so lately as Mr. Collins was wishing to marry   you. But when you have had time to think it over, I hope you will be   satisfied with what I have done. I am not romantic, you know; I never was.   I ask only a comfortable home; and considering Mr. Collins’s character,   connection, and situation in life, I am convinced that my chance of   happiness with him is as fair as most people can boast on entering the   marriage state.”
“我明白你的感受了，”夏洛特回答说。“你一定很惊讶，非常惊讶，因为Collins先生最近想娶你。”。但是当你有时间仔细考虑的时候，我希望你会对我所做的感到满意。我不浪漫，你知道，我从来没有。我只问一个舒适的家；考虑到Collins先生的性格、关系和生活状况，我相信我和他在一起的幸福机会是公平的，正如大多数人在进入婚姻国家时所夸耀的一样。”
Elizabeth quietly answered “Undoubtedly;” and after an awkward pause, they   returned to the rest of the family. Charlotte did not stay much longer,   and Elizabeth was then left to reflect on what she had heard. It was a   long time before she became at all reconciled to the idea of so unsuitable   a match. The strangeness of Mr. Collins’s making two offers of marriage   within three days was nothing in comparison of his being now accepted. She   had always felt that Charlotte’s opinion of matrimony was not exactly like   her own, but she had not supposed it to be possible that, when called into   action, she would have sacrificed every better feeling to worldly   advantage. Charlotte the wife of Mr. Collins was a most humiliating   picture! And to the pang of a friend disgracing herself and sunk in her   esteem, was added the distressing conviction that it was impossible for   that friend to be tolerably happy in the lot she had chosen.
伊丽莎白平静地回答：“毫无疑问，”在尴尬的停顿之后，他们回到了家里的其他人。夏洛特没有留下太久，然后伊丽莎白留下来思考她听到了什么。过了很长时间，她才完全同意这种不合适的比赛的主意。Collins先生在三天内提出两份婚姻的奇怪之处与他现在被接受的情况没有任何区别。她总觉得夏洛特对婚姻的看法并不完全像她自己，但她并不认为，一旦付诸行动，她就会为世俗的利益牺牲一切美好的感觉。夏洛特先生的妻子Collins是最丢脸的一张照片！和一个朋友玷污自己沉没在她的自尊庞，添加为朋友还相当多大的幸福她选择的痛苦的信念是不可能的。
Chapter 23
23章
Elizabeth was sitting with her mother and sisters, reflecting on what she   had heard, and doubting whether she was authorised to mention it, when Sir   William Lucas himself appeared, sent by his daughter, to announce her   engagement to the family. With many compliments to them, and much   self-gratulation on the prospect of a connection between the houses, he   unfolded the matter—to an audience not merely wondering, but   incredulous; for Mrs. Bennet, with more perseverance than politeness,   protested he must be entirely mistaken; and Lydia, always unguarded and   often uncivil, boisterously exclaimed:
伊丽莎白和她的母亲和姐妹们坐在一起，思考着她听到了什么，怀疑她是否被授权提及此事，这时，William Lucas爵士亲自出现了，由他的女儿送来，宣布她与家人订婚。很多恭维他们，和自满在房屋之间的一个连接的前景，他展现给观众的不只是想知道此事，但表示怀疑；Bennet夫人，比礼貌更坚毅，抗议他必须完全是错误的；和丽迪雅，总是没有防备的，经常无礼地喊道：
“Good Lord! Sir William, how can you tell such a story? Do not you know   that Mr. Collins wants to marry Lizzy?”
“上帝！威廉爵士，你怎么能讲这样的故事呢？你不知道Collins先生要娶Lizzy吗？“
Nothing less than the complaisance of a courtier could have borne without   anger such treatment; but Sir William’s good breeding carried him through   it all; and though he begged leave to be positive as to the truth of his   information, he listened to all their impertinence with the most   forbearing courtesy.
没有什么比一个朝臣的殷勤能忍受没有愤怒这样的待遇；但威廉先生的良好的教养使他通过这一切；尽管他恳求留下积极的去他的消息的真实性，他听了最宽容的礼貌都不。
Elizabeth, feeling it incumbent on her to relieve him from so unpleasant a   situation, now put herself forward to confirm his account, by mentioning   her prior knowledge of it from Charlotte herself; and endeavoured to put a   stop to the exclamations of her mother and sisters by the earnestness of   her congratulations to Sir William, in which she was readily joined by   Jane, and by making a variety of remarks on the happiness that might be   expected from the match, the excellent character of Mr. Collins, and the   convenient distance of Hunsford from London.
伊丽莎白，觉得她让他摆脱不愉快的情况现任，于是挺身而出，证实他的帐户，提到她是从夏洛特自己的先验知识；竭力阻止母亲和妹妹们惊呼的真挚祝贺威廉爵士，在她简欣然加入，并使各种对幸福感可能来自于比赛的话，Collins先生的优秀品质，以及方便的距离从伦敦福德。
Mrs. Bennet was in fact too much overpowered to say a great deal while Sir   William remained; but no sooner had he left them than her feelings found a   rapid vent. In the first place, she persisted in disbelieving the whole of   the matter; secondly, she was very sure that Mr. Collins had been taken   in; thirdly, she trusted that they would never be happy together; and   fourthly, that the match might be broken off. Two inferences, however,   were plainly deduced from the whole: one, that Elizabeth was the real   cause of the mischief; and the other that she herself had been barbarously   misused by them all; and on these two points she principally dwelt during   the rest of the day. Nothing could console and nothing could appease her.   Nor did that day wear out her resentment. A week elapsed before she could   see Elizabeth without scolding her, a month passed away before she could   speak to Sir William or Lady Lucas without being rude, and many months   were gone before she could at all forgive their daughter.
Bennet太太其实是太多了一大堆话说，威廉爵士仍然；但他刚一离开他们比她的感情找到一个快速排气。首先，她坚决不相信这回事；其次，她很肯定的说，Collins先生已经在；再次，她相信，他们会不会幸福；第四，这场比赛可能是断了。两个推论，但是，从整个地推断：一、伊丽莎白是恶作剧的真正原因；等她被残忍地被所有人；而在这两点上她主要居住在余下的一天。什么也不能安慰她，什么也不能安抚她。那一天也没有消除她的怨恨。过了一个星期，她才看到伊丽莎白没有责骂她，一个月过去了，她还没跟威廉爵士或Lady Lucas说话，也没有失礼，几个月过去了，她终于原谅了他们的女儿。
Mr. Bennet’s emotions were much more tranquil on the occasion, and such as   he did experience he pronounced to be of a most agreeable sort; for it   gratified him, he said, to discover that Charlotte Lucas, whom he had been   used to think tolerably sensible, was as foolish as his wife, and more   foolish than his daughter!
Bennet先生的情绪更为平静之际，如他没有经验，他明显是一个最愉快的排序；对他很高兴，他说，发现了Charlotte Lucas，他曾经认为是相当明智的，他的妻子是愚蠢的，比他的女儿更愚蠢！
Jane confessed herself a little surprised at the match; but she said less   of her astonishment than of her earnest desire for their happiness; nor   could Elizabeth persuade her to consider it as improbable. Kitty and Lydia   were far from envying Miss Lucas, for Mr. Collins was only a clergyman;   and it affected them in no other way than as a piece of news to spread at   Meryton.
简承认自己对这场比赛有点吃惊，但她对自己的惊讶程度比对她对幸福的热切渴望表示更少；伊丽莎白也不能说服她认为这是不可能的。吉蒂和丽迪雅根本不羡慕卢卡斯小姐，Collins先生只是一个牧师；它的影响没有其他方式比作为一件新闻传播在麦里屯。
Lady Lucas could not be insensible of triumph on being able to retort on   Mrs. Bennet the comfort of having a daughter well married; and she called   at Longbourn rather oftener than usual to say how happy she was, though   Mrs. Bennet’s sour looks and ill-natured remarks might have been enough to   drive happiness away.
Lady Lucas不可能胜利能够反驳Bennet夫人也有一个女儿嫁给了舒适的麻木；她叫Longbourn而多于平常说她是多么的快乐，尽管Bennet夫人满脸恶毒的话可能已经足以赶走快乐。
Between Elizabeth and Charlotte there was a restraint which kept them   mutually silent on the subject; and Elizabeth felt persuaded that no real   confidence could ever subsist between them again. Her disappointment in   Charlotte made her turn with fonder regard to her sister, of whose   rectitude and delicacy she was sure her opinion could never be shaken, and   for whose happiness she grew daily more anxious, as Bingley had now been   gone a week and nothing more was heard of his return.
在伊丽莎白和夏洛特之间，有一种克制，使他们在这个问题上保持沉默；伊丽莎白觉得他们之间再也没有真正的信任了。她很失望，在夏洛特她又喜欢把她的妹妹，他的正直和美味她肯定她的意见不会被动摇，其幸福和她日益紧张，宾利已经走了一个星期，再也没有听到他的回报。
Jane had sent Caroline an early answer to her letter, and was counting the   days till she might reasonably hope to hear again. The promised letter of   thanks from Mr. Collins arrived on Tuesday, addressed to their father, and   written with all the solemnity of gratitude which a twelvemonth’s abode in   the family might have prompted. After discharging his conscience on that   head, he proceeded to inform them, with many rapturous expressions, of his   happiness in having obtained the affection of their amiable neighbour,   Miss Lucas, and then explained that it was merely with the view of   enjoying her society that he had been so ready to close with their kind   wish of seeing him again at Longbourn, whither he hoped to be able to   return on Monday fortnight; for Lady Catherine, he added, so heartily   approved his marriage, that she wished it to take place as soon as   possible, which he trusted would be an unanswerable argument with his   amiable Charlotte to name an early day for making him the happiest of men.
简早就给卡洛琳回信了，她在数着日子，直到她有理由再听到。承诺函Collins先生于星期二抵达，谢谢，给他们的父亲，并用所有的感激这一年的住所在家庭的严肃性可能促使。出院后他的良心上的那一头，他接着告诉他们，许多热烈的表达，在得到他们的友好邻居，喜爱卢卡斯小姐自己的幸福，然后解释说，这只是在享受她的社会，他已经准备好与他们希望再次在Longbourn见到他认为，他所希望能够在下个星期一回来；Lady Catherine，他说，所以完全赞同他的婚姻，她希望尽快成行，这将是一个无可辩驳的论点他信任他的和蔼可亲的夏洛特让他幸福的人早一天的名字。
Mr. Collins’s return into Hertfordshire was no longer a matter of pleasure   to Mrs. Bennet. On the contrary, she was as much disposed to complain of   it as her husband. It was very strange that he should come to Longbourn   instead of to Lucas Lodge; it was also very inconvenient and exceedingly   troublesome. She hated having visitors in the house while her health was   so indifferent, and lovers were of all people the most disagreeable. Such   were the gentle murmurs of Mrs. Bennet, and they gave way only to the   greater distress of Mr. Bingley’s continued absence.
Collins先生回到赫特福德郡不再是Bennet太太高兴的事。恰恰相反，她很愿意像她丈夫那样抱怨这件事。这是他应该到Longbourn来代替Lucas Lodge很奇怪；它也很不方便，太麻烦。她讨厌在家里有客人，而她的健康是如此冷淡，而情人是所有人中最讨厌的。这是Bennet太太温柔的低语，他们只是为了宾利先生继续缺席的更大的痛苦而让步。
Neither Jane nor Elizabeth were comfortable on this subject. Day after day   passed away without bringing any other tidings of him than the report   which shortly prevailed in Meryton of his coming no more to Netherfield   the whole winter; a report which highly incensed Mrs. Bennet, and which   she never failed to contradict as a most scandalous falsehood.
简和伊丽莎白对这个问题都不感兴趣。一天一天过去了没有带来任何其他的消息他比报告不久盛行于他来不到Netherfield整个冬天麦里屯后；报告非常生气的Bennet太太，而她从来没有违背作为一个最可耻的谎言。
Even Elizabeth began to fear—not that Bingley was indifferent—but   that his sisters would be successful in keeping him away. Unwilling as she   was to admit an idea so destructive of Jane’s happiness, and so   dishonorable to the stability of her lover, she could not prevent its   frequently occurring. The united efforts of his two unfeeling sisters and   of his overpowering friend, assisted by the attractions of Miss Darcy and   the amusements of London might be too much, she feared, for the strength   of his attachment.
甚至伊丽莎白也开始担心宾利不会无动于衷，而是担心他的姐妹们能成功地把他赶走。她是不愿意承认这一理念简幸福的破坏，所以不光彩的情人的稳定性，她无法阻止它的发生。美国的努力，他的两个姐妹和他的朋友的强烈，由达西小姐和伦敦的娱乐景点辅助可能太多，她担心，因为他的附着强度。
As for Jane, her anxiety under this suspense was, of course, more   painful than Elizabeth’s, but whatever she felt she was desirous of   concealing, and between herself and Elizabeth, therefore, the subject was   never alluded to. But as no such delicacy restrained her mother, an hour   seldom passed in which she did not talk of Bingley, express her impatience   for his arrival, or even require Jane to confess that if he did not come   back she would think herself very ill used. It needed all Jane’s steady   mildness to bear these attacks with tolerable tranquillity.
至于简，她在这种悬念下的焦虑，当然比伊丽莎白的痛苦更大，但无论她感觉到什么，她都想隐藏，而她自己和伊丽莎白之间，却从来没有提及这个话题。但是，由于没有这种微妙的限制，她的母亲，一个小时内，她没有谈到宾利，表示她对他的到来不耐烦，甚至要求简承认，如果他不回来，她会认为自己非常不习惯使用。它需要所有简的稳定温和承受这些攻击相当平静。
Mr. Collins returned most punctually on Monday fortnight, but his   reception at Longbourn was not quite so gracious as it had been on his   first introduction. He was too happy, however, to need much attention; and   luckily for the others, the business of love-making relieved them from a   great deal of his company. The chief of every day was spent by him at   Lucas Lodge, and he sometimes returned to Longbourn only in time to make   an apology for his absence before the family went to bed.
Collins先生最准时返回星期一两周，但他在Longbourn招待会不那么亲切了他初。然而，他太高兴了，不需要太多的关注；幸运的是，其他人的爱情事业使他们摆脱了他的许多公司。每一天的总花了他在卢卡斯的旅馆，有时他回到Longbourn只有时间道歉他缺席的家庭睡觉前。
Mrs. Bennet was really in a most pitiable state. The very mention of   anything concerning the match threw her into an agony of ill-humour, and   wherever she went she was sure of hearing it talked of. The sight of Miss   Lucas was odious to her. As her successor in that house, she regarded her   with jealous abhorrence. Whenever Charlotte came to see them, she   concluded her to be anticipating the hour of possession; and whenever she   spoke in a low voice to Mr. Collins, was convinced that they were talking   of the Longbourn estate, and resolving to turn herself and her daughters   out of the house, as soon as Mr. Bennet were dead. She complained bitterly   of all this to her husband.
Bennet太太着实可怜。一提到这场比赛，她就感到心情不好，无论她走到哪里，她都能听到这番话。看到卢卡斯小姐很讨厌她。她在那所房子的继承人，她认为她的嫉妒和厌恶。每当夏洛特来看望他们，她认为她是渴望占有的时间；每当她小声说话的Collins先生，就以为他们是在谈论Longbourn的地产，解决把她和她的几个女儿出门，只要Bennet先生死了。她向丈夫抱怨这一切。
“Indeed, Mr. Bennet,” said she, “it is very hard to think that Charlotte   Lucas should ever be mistress of this house, that I should be forced to   make way for her, and live to see her take her place in it!”
“真的，Bennet先生，”她说，“很难想象Charlotte Lucas会成为这所房子的主人，我会被迫让位给她，并且活着看到她取代了她的位置！“
“My dear, do not give way to such gloomy thoughts. Let us hope for better   things. Let us flatter ourselves that I may be the survivor.”
“亲爱的，不要为这种阴郁的想法让路。”。让我们期待更好的东西。让我们自以为自己是幸存者吧。”
This was not very consoling to Mrs. Bennet, and therefore, instead of   making any answer, she went on as before.
这是不是很安慰Bennet夫人，因此，非但没有回答，她像以前一样。
“I cannot bear to think that they should have all this estate. If it was   not for the entail, I should not mind it.”
“我不能忍受认为他们应该拥有所有这些财产。”。如果不是因为继承权，我不会介意的。”
“What should not you mind?”
“你不应该介意什么？“
“I should not mind anything at all.”
“我一点也不介意。”
“Let us be thankful that you are preserved from a state of such   insensibility.”
“让我们心存感激，你保存从这样一个麻木的状态。”
“I never can be thankful, Mr. Bennet, for anything about the entail. How   anyone could have the conscience to entail away an estate from one’s own   daughters, I cannot understand; and all for the sake of Mr. Collins too!   Why should he have it more than anybody else?”
“Bennet先生，我永远不会感激任何有关这件事的事。”。谁能有良知从自己的女儿身上继承遗产呢？我无法理解，这一切都是为了Collins先生的缘故！为什么他比任何人都拥有呢？“
“I leave it to yourself to determine,” said Mr. Bennet.
“我让你自己来决定，”Bennet先生说。
Chapter 24
24章
Miss Bingley’s letter arrived, and put an end to doubt. The very first   sentence conveyed the assurance of their being all settled in London for   the winter, and concluded with her brother’s regret at not having had time   to pay his respects to his friends in Hertfordshire before he left the   country.
宾利小姐的信来了，结束了怀疑。第一句话就说，她们决定在伦敦过冬的保证，并得出结论，她哥哥的遗憾，没有时间来拜访他的朋友在赫特福德郡，在他出国之前。
Hope was over, entirely over; and when Jane could attend to the rest of   the letter, she found little, except the professed affection of the   writer, that could give her any comfort. Miss Darcy’s praise occupied the   chief of it. Her many attractions were again dwelt on, and Caroline   boasted joyfully of their increasing intimacy, and ventured to predict the   accomplishment of the wishes which had been unfolded in her former letter.   She wrote also with great pleasure of her brother’s being an inmate of Mr.   Darcy’s house, and mentioned with raptures some plans of the latter with   regard to new furniture.
希望结束了，完全结束了；当简能注意到信的其余部分时，她发现除了作家的爱之外，她什么也没有找到，这能给她带来安慰。达西小姐的赞扬占了校长的职位。她的许多吸引力又被吸引住了，卡洛琳兴高采烈地夸耀他们日益亲密的关系，大胆地预言她以前的信中所表达的愿望的实现。她写的也和她哥哥达西先生的房子一个囚犯非常高兴，和欣喜若狂一些计划添置新家具所。
Elizabeth, to whom Jane very soon communicated the chief of all this,   heard it in silent indignation. Her heart was divided between concern for   her sister, and resentment against all others. To Caroline’s assertion of   her brother’s being partial to Miss Darcy she paid no credit. That he was   really fond of Jane, she doubted no more than she had ever done; and much   as she had always been disposed to like him, she could not think without   anger, hardly without contempt, on that easiness of temper, that want of   proper resolution, which now made him the slave of his designing friends,   and led him to sacrifice of his own happiness to the caprice of their   inclination. Had his own happiness, however, been the only sacrifice, he   might have been allowed to sport with it in whatever manner he thought   best, but her sister’s was involved in it, as she thought he must be   sensible himself. It was a subject, in short, on which reflection would be   long indulged, and must be unavailing. She could think of nothing else;   and yet whether Bingley’s regard had really died away, or were suppressed   by his friends’ interference; whether he had been aware of Jane’s   attachment, or whether it had escaped his observation; whatever were the   case, though her opinion of him must be materially affected by the   difference, her sister’s situation remained the same, her peace equally   wounded.
伊丽莎白很快就把这一切告诉了简，他在无声的愤怒中听到了。她对妹妹的关心和对其他人的怨恨，使她心生分裂。卡洛琳认为她哥哥偏爱达西小姐，她没有信用。他是真的喜欢简，她怀疑不超过她所做过的；就像她一直倾向于喜欢他，她不想没有愤怒，没有轻蔑，易发脾气，要适当的分辨率，现在使他设计的朋友的奴隶，让他牺牲自己的幸福为其倾斜的随想。不管怎样，他自己的幸福是唯一的牺牲，他可能被允许以他认为最好的方式进行运动，但她姐姐却参与其中，因为她认为他自己一定很理智。这是短的主题，，的反射会长期沉溺，必须是徒劳的。她想不出什么别的；但宾利是否将真的消失了，或是被他朋友的干扰抑制；他是否已经知道简的附件，还是逃脱了他的观察；无论是这样，尽管她认为他必须由不同的重大影响，她姐姐的处境都一样，她同样受伤的和平。
A day or two passed before Jane had courage to speak of her feelings to   Elizabeth; but at last, on Mrs. Bennet’s leaving them together, after a   longer irritation than usual about Netherfield and its master, she could   not help saying:
一天或者两天过去了，简有勇气说她对伊丽莎白的感情；但最后，Bennet夫人走在一起，比一般的Netherfield和它的主人再刺激后，她忍不住说：
“Oh, that my dear mother had more command over herself! She can have no   idea of the pain she gives me by her continual reflections on him. But I   will not repine. It cannot last long. He will be forgot, and we shall all   be as we were before.”
“噢，我亲爱的妈妈对自己有了更多的支配权！她不知道她不断地给他一个印象，她给了我什么样的痛苦。但我不会抱怨。它不能持续很久。他将被遗忘，我们都会像从前一样。”
Elizabeth looked at her sister with incredulous solicitude, but said   nothing.
伊丽莎白看着她怀疑的关怀妹妹，但什么也没说。
“You doubt me,” cried Jane, slightly colouring; “indeed, you have no   reason. He may live in my memory as the most amiable man of my   acquaintance, but that is all. I have nothing either to hope or fear, and   nothing to reproach him with. Thank God! I have not that pain. A   little time, therefore—I shall certainly try to get the better.”
“你怀疑我，”简轻轻地说，“实际上，你没有理由。他也许是我认识的最和蔼可亲的人，但这就是一切。我既没有希望，也没有恐惧，也没有什么可以责备他的。感谢上帝！我没有那种痛。一点时间，therefore-i一定会得到更好的。”
With a stronger voice she soon added, “I have this comfort immediately,   that it has not been more than an error of fancy on my side, and that it   has done no harm to anyone but myself.”
她用一个更有力的声音很快地补充道：“我马上就得到了安慰，这不仅仅是我的一个幻想错误，而且对我以外的任何人都无害。”
“My dear Jane!” exclaimed Elizabeth, “you are too good. Your sweetness and   disinterestedness are really angelic; I do not know what to say to you. I   feel as if I had never done you justice, or loved you as you deserve.”
“我亲爱的简！伊丽莎白叫道，“你太好了。你的甜蜜和无私真的天使；我不知道该对你说些什么。我觉得我从来没有给过你正义，也没有像你应得的那样爱你。
Miss Bennet eagerly disclaimed all extraordinary merit, and threw back the   praise on her sister’s warm affection.
Bennet小姐急切地否认所有非凡的功绩，并打退了赞扬妹妹的热情。
“Nay,” said Elizabeth, “this is not fair. You wish to think all the   world respectable, and are hurt if I speak ill of anybody. I only want to   think you perfect, and you set yourself against it. Do not be   afraid of my running into any excess, of my encroaching on your privilege   of universal good-will. You need not. There are few people whom I really   love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world,   the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of   the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence   that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense. I have met with   two instances lately, one I will not mention; the other is Charlotte’s   marriage. It is unaccountable! In every view it is unaccountable!”
“不，”伊丽莎白说，“这不公平。如果我说任何人坏话，你会认为全世界都是受人尊敬的。我只想认为你是完美的，而你却反对它。不要害怕我过度的奔跑，我侵犯了你的普遍善意的特权。你不必。很少有人是我真正爱的，我想的也很少。我对世界的了解越多，我对它就越感到不满；每一天都证实了我对人类所有人物的不一致性和对美德或感觉的依赖性的信念。我最近遇到了两个例子，一个我不提，另一个是夏洛特的婚姻。这是不负责任的！在每一个视图是不负责任的！“
“My dear Lizzy, do not give way to such feelings as these. They will ruin   your happiness. You do not make allowance enough for difference of   situation and temper. Consider Mr. Collins’s respectability, and   Charlotte’s steady, prudent character. Remember that she is one of a large   family; that as to fortune, it is a most eligible match; and be ready to   believe, for everybody’s sake, that she may feel something like regard and   esteem for our cousin.”
“My dear Lizzy, do not give way to such feelings as these. 他们会毁了你的幸福。你不体谅情况和脾气的差异。考虑到Collins先生的体面，和夏洛特的稳定，性格稳重。记住，她是一个大家庭中的一员；就财富而言，这是一个最符合条件的比赛；为了每个人的缘故，她愿意相信她会给我们的表亲带来尊重和尊敬的感觉。
“To oblige you, I would try to believe almost anything, but no one else   could be benefited by such a belief as this; for were I persuaded that   Charlotte had any regard for him, I should only think worse of her   understanding than I now do of her heart. My dear Jane, Mr. Collins is a   conceited, pompous, narrow-minded, silly man; you know he is, as well as I   do; and you must feel, as well as I do, that the woman who married him   cannot have a proper way of thinking. You shall not defend her, though it   is Charlotte Lucas. You shall not, for the sake of one individual, change   the meaning of principle and integrity, nor endeavour to persuade yourself   or me, that selfishness is prudence, and insensibility of danger security   for happiness.”
“为了你，我会尽量相信任何事情，但是没有任何人能像这样的信念受益，因为如果我相信夏洛特对他有任何的关心，我只会认为她的理解比我现在对她的心更糟。”。我亲爱的简，Collins先生是一个自负的，自大的，狭隘的，愚蠢的人；你知道他是和我一样；你必须感觉到，像我一样，那女人他结婚的人不能有一个正确的思维方式。你不应该为她辩护，尽管是Charlotte Lucas。你不能为了某一个人而改变原则，也努力说服自己或我，自私是谨慎、安全和危险感觉幸福。”
“I must think your language too strong in speaking of both,” replied Jane;   “and I hope you will be convinced of it by seeing them happy together. But   enough of this. You alluded to something else. You mentioned two   instances. I cannot misunderstand you, but I entreat you, dear Lizzy, not   to pain me by thinking that person to blame, and saying your   opinion of him is sunk. We must not be so ready to fancy ourselves   intentionally injured. We must not expect a lively young man to be always   so guarded and circumspect. It is very often nothing but our own vanity   that deceives us. Women fancy admiration means more than it does.”
“我必须认为你的语言太强了，两种语言都说不出来，”简回答说，“我希望你能看到他们在一起感到高兴。”。但够了。你提到了别的东西。你提到了两个实例。我不会误解你，但我恳求你，亲爱的Lizzy，不要痛苦，我认为人身上，说你对他沉没。我们决不能想象自己故意受伤。我们决不可能指望一个活泼的年轻人要始终小心周到。欺骗我们的往往只是我们自己的虚荣心。女人对爱慕的钦佩超过了它。
“And men take care that they should.”
“男人们应该小心。”
“If it is designedly done, they cannot be justified; but I have no idea of   there being so much design in the world as some persons imagine.”
“如果是故意做的，他们不应该；但我不知道有这么多的设计在世界上一些人的想象。”
“I am far from attributing any part of Mr. Bingley’s conduct to design,”   said Elizabeth; “but without scheming to do wrong, or to make others   unhappy, there may be error, and there may be misery. Thoughtlessness,   want of attention to other people’s feelings, and want of resolution, will   do the business.”
“我并没有把宾利先生的行为的任何部分都归咎于设计，”伊丽莎白说，“但如果不打算做错事，或者让别人不高兴，可能会出错，可能会有麻烦。”。轻率的，要注意其他人的情感，和希望的分辨率，会做生意。”
“And do you impute it to either of those?”
“你会把它归咎于任何人吗？“
“Yes; to the last. But if I go on, I shall displease you by saying what I   think of persons you esteem. Stop me whilst you can.”
“是的，到最后。”。但是如果我去，我会叫你不高兴的说，我认为你尊重的人。你可以阻止我。”
“You persist, then, in supposing his sisters influence him?”
“那么，你认为他的姐妹们会影响他吗？”“
“Yes, in conjunction with his friend.”
“是的，和他的朋友一起。”
“I cannot believe it. Why should they try to influence him? They can only   wish his happiness; and if he is attached to me, no other woman can secure   it.”
“我不能相信。他们为什么要影响他？他们只希望他的幸福；如果他依附于我，没有其他女人能得到它。
“Your first position is false. They may wish many things besides his   happiness; they may wish his increase of wealth and consequence; they may   wish him to marry a girl who has all the importance of money, great   connections, and pride.”
“你的第一个位置是假的。他们除了祝福自己的幸福外，还许许许许多多的愿望；他们可能希望自己的财富和结果增加；他们可能希望他嫁给一个拥有金钱、人脉和骄傲的女孩。
“Beyond a doubt, they do wish him to choose Miss Darcy,” replied   Jane; “but this may be from better feelings than you are supposing. They   have known her much longer than they have known me; no wonder if they love   her better. But, whatever may be their own wishes, it is very unlikely   they should have opposed their brother’s. What sister would think herself   at liberty to do it, unless there were something very objectionable? If   they believed him attached to me, they would not try to part us; if he   were so, they could not succeed. By supposing such an affection, you make   everybody acting unnaturally and wrong, and me most unhappy. Do not   distress me by the idea. I am not ashamed of having been mistaken—or,   at least, it is light, it is nothing in comparison of what I should feel   in thinking ill of him or his sisters. Let me take it in the best light,   in the light in which it may be understood.”
“毫无疑问，他们的确希望他选择达西小姐，”简回答说，“但这也许是出于更好的感情。他们认识她比认识我久得多，难怪他们更爱她。但是，不管他们自己的愿望是什么，他们都不可能反对他们的兄弟，除非有什么令人反感的事，否则哪个姐妹会认为自己有权做这件事呢？如果他们相信他依附于我，他们就不会试图拆散我们；如果他是这样的话，他们就不会成功。在这样一种感情，你让大家表演不自然的和错误的，和我最不开心的。不要用这种想法来折磨我。我不为自己的错误而感到羞愧，至少，它是光明的，与我认为他或他的姐妹们的病态相比，我是没有什么感觉的。让我用最好的光，用它能被理解的光。
Elizabeth could not oppose such a wish; and from this time Mr. Bingley’s   name was scarcely ever mentioned between them.
伊丽莎白不能反对这样的愿望，从此以后，宾利先生的名字几乎没有提到过。
Mrs. Bennet still continued to wonder and repine at his returning no more,   and though a day seldom passed in which Elizabeth did not account for it   clearly, there was little chance of her ever considering it with less   perplexity. Her daughter endeavoured to convince her of what she did not   believe herself, that his attentions to Jane had been merely the effect of   a common and transient liking, which ceased when he saw her no more; but   though the probability of the statement was admitted at the time, she had   the same story to repeat every day. Mrs. Bennet’s best comfort was that   Mr. Bingley must be down again in the summer.
Bennet夫人仍然想抱怨他不回，即使哪一天不给伊丽莎白没有解释清楚，她曾考虑用更少的困惑的机会很少。她女儿想说服她，她不相信自己，他关注简已经不仅仅是一种常见的和短暂的喜好的影响，而一旦她不在他眼前；虽然这个声明的概率是当时承认，她不得不每天都重复同样的故事。Bennet太太最好的安慰是，宾利先生一定在夏天又回来了。
Mr. Bennet treated the matter differently. “So, Lizzy,” said he one day,   “your sister is crossed in love, I find. I congratulate her. Next to being   married, a girl likes to be crossed a little in love now and then. It is   something to think of, and it gives her a sort of distinction among her   companions. When is your turn to come? You will hardly bear to be long   outdone by Jane. Now is your time. Here are officers enough in Meryton to   disappoint all the young ladies in the country. Let Wickham be your   man. He is a pleasant fellow, and would jilt you creditably.”
Bennet先生对待这件事的态度有所不同。“那么，Lizzy，”有一天他说，“你妹妹失恋了，我发现。我向她表示祝贺。在结婚的时候，一个女孩喜欢偶尔陷入爱河。这是一件值得考虑的事情，这使她在同伴中显得与众不同。你什么时候来？你很难忍受被长期掩盖简。现在是你的时间。这里有足够的人员在麦里屯令所有的女士，在国。让威克姆成为你的男人。他是个有趣的家伙，就狠狠抛弃你。”
“Thank you, sir, but a less agreeable man would satisfy me. We must not   all expect Jane’s good fortune.”
“谢谢你，先生，但一个不太讨人喜欢的人会使我满意的。”。我们不能都指望简会有好运气。”
“True,” said Mr. Bennet, “but it is a comfort to think that whatever of   that kind may befall you, you have an affectionate mother who will make   the most of it.”
“是的，”Bennet先生说，“但想到这样的事可能降临到你身上，你会有一种安慰，那就是你有一位慈爱的母亲，她会充分利用这一切。”
Mr. Wickham’s society was of material service in dispelling the gloom   which the late perverse occurrences had thrown on many of the Longbourn   family. They saw him often, and to his other recommendations was now added   that of general unreserve. The whole of what Elizabeth had already heard,   his claims on Mr. Darcy, and all that he had suffered from him, was now   openly acknowledged and publicly canvassed; and everybody was pleased to   know how much they had always disliked Mr. Darcy before they had known   anything of the matter.
威克姆先生的社会是物质服务驱散黑暗的晚反常的事件已经在很多家庭的Longbourn。他们经常看到他，和他的其他建议现在说，一般不保留。整个伊丽莎白已经听到了，他对达西先生的说法，和他所遭受的他，现在公开承认并公开了；大家都很高兴地知道他们一直不喜欢达西先生才知道这件事什么。
Miss Bennet was the only creature who could suppose there might be any   extenuating circumstances in the case, unknown to the society of   Hertfordshire; her mild and steady candour always pleaded for allowances,   and urged the possibility of mistakes—but by everybody else Mr.   Darcy was condemned as the worst of men.
Bennet小姐是唯一的动物，谁能想会有任何情有可原的情况下，在赫特福德郡社会未知；她温和稳重公正总是恳求津贴，并敦促出错的可能性但大家达西先生被指责为最坏的人。
Chapter 25
25章
After a week spent in professions of love and schemes of felicity, Mr.   Collins was called from his amiable Charlotte by the arrival of Saturday.   The pain of separation, however, might be alleviated on his side, by   preparations for the reception of his bride; as he had reason to hope,   that shortly after his return into Hertfordshire, the day would be fixed   that was to make him the happiest of men. He took leave of his relations   at Longbourn with as much solemnity as before; wished his fair cousins   health and happiness again, and promised their father another letter of   thanks.
经过一个星期的恋爱和幸福计划，Collins先生在星期六到来时从他和蔼可亲的夏洛特打来电话。分离，但可以减轻疼痛，在他的身边，为他的新娘接待准备；他有理由希望，他回到哈福德郡后不久，天将固定，使他成为世界上最幸福的人。他离开了他的关系在Longbourn一样一本正经地依旧；希望他的表妹的健康和幸福，并答应给他们的父亲一封感谢信。
On the following Monday, Mrs. Bennet had the pleasure of receiving her   brother and his wife, who came as usual to spend the Christmas at   Longbourn. Mr. Gardiner was a sensible, gentlemanlike man, greatly   superior to his sister, as well by nature as education. The Netherfield   ladies would have had difficulty in believing that a man who lived by   trade, and within view of his own warehouses, could have been so well-bred   and agreeable. Mrs. Gardiner, who was several years younger than Mrs.   Bennet and Mrs. Phillips, was an amiable, intelligent, elegant woman, and   a great favourite with all her Longbourn nieces. Between the two eldest   and herself especially, there subsisted a particular regard. They had   frequently been staying with her in town.
在接下来的星期一，Bennet夫人接到她弟弟和他的妻子高兴，他像往常一样在Longbourn度过圣诞节。加德纳先生是一个明智的绅士，他的姐姐大大优越，以及自然教育。Netherfield女士就认为，一个人靠贸易的难度，并在自己的仓库，可以一直这么有教养的人。加德纳夫人，她比Bennet夫人和菲利浦斯夫人年轻好几岁，是一个和蔼可亲、聪明、优雅的女人，和她的侄女非常喜欢她。两个女儿跟她特别之间，存在一个特定的方面。他们经常在城里和她呆在一起。
The first part of Mrs. Gardiner’s business on her arrival was to   distribute her presents and describe the newest fashions. When this was   done she had a less active part to play. It became her turn to listen.   Mrs. Bennet had many grievances to relate, and much to complain of. They   had all been very ill-used since she last saw her sister. Two of her girls   had been upon the point of marriage, and after all there was nothing in   it.
加德纳夫人到达时的第一部分是分发她的礼物和描述最新的时装。这件事做完后，她就没有那么活跃的角色了。轮到她听了。Bennet太太有许多委屈要诉说，还有许多事要抱怨。自从上次见到她妹妹以来，他们都很不习惯。她的两个女孩已经结婚了，毕竟他们什么都没有。
“I do not blame Jane,” she continued, “for Jane would have got Mr. Bingley   if she could. But Lizzy! Oh, sister! It is very hard to think that she   might have been Mr. Collins’s wife by this time, had it not been for her   own perverseness. He made her an offer in this very room, and she refused   him. The consequence of it is, that Lady Lucas will have a daughter   married before I have, and that the Longbourn estate is just as much   entailed as ever. The Lucases are very artful people indeed, sister. They   are all for what they can get. I am sorry to say it of them, but so it is.   It makes me very nervous and poorly, to be thwarted so in my own family,   and to have neighbours who think of themselves before anybody else.   However, your coming just at this time is the greatest of comforts, and I   am very glad to hear what you tell us, of long sleeves.”
“我不怪简，”她继续说，“如果宾利能的话，简会得到她的。但Lizzy！哦，妹妹！很难认为她可能是Collins先生的妻子，这一次，要不是她自己的倔强。他在这个房间里向她出价，她拒绝了他。结果是，Lady Lucas将之前我已经有一个女儿出嫁了，而Longbourn地产一样需要永远。Lucases是非常狡猾的人的确，姐姐。他们都是为了得到什么。我很遗憾地说了这些话，但事实是如此。在我自己的家庭里遇到这样的邻居，在别人面前自我思考，我感到非常紧张和不安。不过，你这次来是最大的安慰，我很高兴听到你告诉我们，长袖。
Mrs. Gardiner, to whom the chief of this news had been given before, in   the course of Jane and Elizabeth’s correspondence with her, made her   sister a slight answer, and, in compassion to her nieces, turned the   conversation.
加德纳太太，就是这个新闻的主要有前，在简和伊丽莎白与她通信的过程中，使她妹妹轻微的回答，并同情她的侄女，把话题。
When alone with Elizabeth afterwards, she spoke more on the subject. “It   seems likely to have been a desirable match for Jane,” said she. “I am   sorry it went off. But these things happen so often! A young man, such as   you describe Mr. Bingley, so easily falls in love with a pretty girl for a   few weeks, and when accident separates them, so easily forgets her, that   these sort of inconsistencies are very frequent.”
后来和伊丽莎白单独在一起时，她谈到了这个问题。“看来这对简来说是一场不错的比赛，”她说。“对不起，它走了。但这些事情经常发生！一个年轻人，如你所描述的宾利先生，很容易爱上一个漂亮的女孩几个星期，而当意外分开他们，很容易忘记她，这种不一致是非常频繁的。
“An excellent consolation in its way,” said Elizabeth, “but it will not do   for us. We do not suffer by accident. It does not often   happen that the interference of friends will persuade a young man of   independent fortune to think no more of a girl whom he was violently in   love with only a few days before.”
“这是一种极好的安慰，”伊丽莎白说，“但对我们来说却不起作用。”。我们不会受到事故的折磨。朋友间的干扰会说服一个拥有独立财富的年轻人不再去想一个他几天前才真正喜欢上的女孩。
“But that expression of ‘violently in love’ is so hackneyed, so doubtful,   so indefinite, that it gives me very little idea. It is as often applied   to feelings which arise from a half-hour’s acquaintance, as to a real,   strong attachment. Pray, how violent was Mr. Bingley’s love?”
“但是，表达“猛烈的爱是如此常见，所以怀疑，所以不确定的，它给了我不知道。它常常被用于从半小时的相识中产生的感情，比如一种真实的、强烈的依恋。祷告，宾利先生的爱有多猛烈？“
“I never saw a more promising inclination; he was growing quite   inattentive to other people, and wholly engrossed by her. Every time they   met, it was more decided and remarkable. At his own ball he offended two   or three young ladies, by not asking them to dance; and I spoke to him   twice myself, without receiving an answer. Could there be finer symptoms?   Is not general incivility the very essence of love?”
“我从来没有见过一个更有前途的倾向，他对别人越来越不在意，完全被她吸引住了。他们每次见面时，都更加果断和非凡。在他自己的舞会上，他冒犯了两个或三个年轻的女士，而不是请他们跳舞，我自己跟他说了两次，却没有得到回答。会有更细微的症状吗？不是一般的不文明行为爱的本质？“
“Oh, yes!—of that kind of love which I suppose him to have felt.   Poor Jane! I am sorry for her, because, with her disposition, she may not   get over it immediately. It had better have happened to you, Lizzy;   you would have laughed yourself out of it sooner. But do you think she   would be prevailed upon to go back with us? Change of scene might be of   service—and perhaps a little relief from home may be as useful as   anything.”
“哦，是的！-这种爱，我想他已经感受到了。可怜的简！我为她感到难过，因为她的脾气，她可能不会马上克服。最好在你身上发生，Lizzy；你会笑着说自己很快。但是你认为她会被说服和我们一起回去吗？现场的变化可能是有用的，也许从家里得到些许安慰可能是有用的。
Elizabeth was exceedingly pleased with this proposal, and felt persuaded   of her sister’s ready acquiescence.
伊丽莎白对这个提议非常满意，并对她姐姐的默许表示了信服。
“I hope,” added Mrs. Gardiner, “that no consideration with regard to this   young man will influence her. We live in so different a part of town, all   our connections are so different, and, as you well know, we go out so   little, that it is very improbable that they should meet at all, unless he   really comes to see her.”
“我希望，”加德纳太太补充道，“对这个年轻人的任何考虑都不会影响她。我们生活在一个不同的城镇，我们所有的联系都是如此的不同，正如你所知道的，我们很少出去，他们根本不可能见面，除非他真的来看她。
“And that is quite impossible; for he is now in the custody of his   friend, and Mr. Darcy would no more suffer him to call on Jane in such a   part of London! My dear aunt, how could you think of it? Mr. Darcy may   perhaps have heard of such a place as Gracechurch Street, but he   would hardly think a month’s ablution enough to cleanse him from its   impurities, were he once to enter it; and depend upon it, Mr. Bingley   never stirs without him.”
这是不可能的，因为他现在交朋友保管，达西先生再也不允许他在伦敦这样的地方去拜访简了！亲爱的姑姑，你怎么想的？达西先生也许听到过这样一个地方，天恩寺街，但他不认为一个月的洗礼足以净化他杂质，是他曾经进入它；而取决于它，宾利先生从不失去他。”
“So much the better. I hope they will not meet at all. But does not Jane   correspond with his sister? She will not be able to help calling.”
“好多了。我希望他们根本不会见面。但是珍妮不是和他姐姐通信吗？她将不能帮忙打电话。”
“She will drop the acquaintance entirely.”
“她会完全放弃熟人的。”
But in spite of the certainty in which Elizabeth affected to place this   point, as well as the still more interesting one of Bingley’s being   withheld from seeing Jane, she felt a solicitude on the subject which   convinced her, on examination, that she did not consider it entirely   hopeless. It was possible, and sometimes she thought it probable, that his   affection might be reanimated, and the influence of his friends   successfully combated by the more natural influence of Jane’s attractions.
但是，尽管伊丽莎白肯定会把这一点放在心上，但还有一个更有趣的问题，就是宾利被禁止见简，她对这个问题感到关切，这使她在考试中确信她并不认为这完全是无望的。这是可能的，而且有时她认为很有可能，他的感情会复活，和他的朋友们成功地进行简的景点更自然的影响。
Miss Bennet accepted her aunt’s invitation with pleasure; and the Bingleys   were no otherwise in her thoughts at the same time, than as she hoped by   Caroline’s not living in the same house with her brother, she might   occasionally spend a morning with her, without any danger of seeing him.
Bennet小姐高兴地接受她姑姑的邀请；而Bingleys她心里并没有在同一时间，比她希望卡洛琳和她弟弟的不是生活在同一个房子里，她也会偶尔和她花了一个上午，没有看到他有任何危险。
The Gardiners stayed a week at Longbourn; and what with the Phillipses,   the Lucases, and the officers, there was not a day without its engagement.   Mrs. Bennet had so carefully provided for the entertainment of her brother   and sister, that they did not once sit down to a family dinner. When the   engagement was for home, some of the officers always made part of it—of   which officers Mr. Wickham was sure to be one; and on these occasions,   Mrs. Gardiner, rendered suspicious by Elizabeth’s warm commendation,   narrowly observed them both. Without supposing them, from what she saw, to   be very seriously in love, their preference of each other was plain enough   to make her a little uneasy; and she resolved to speak to Elizabeth on the   subject before she left Hertfordshire, and represent to her the imprudence   of encouraging such an attachment.
嘉丁纳夫妇在Longbourn呆了一个星期；什么与Phillipses，卢卡斯家和官员，没有一天不参与。Bennet太太精心安排了她兄妹的娱乐活动，他们没有坐过一次家庭聚餐。当订婚的时候，有些军官总是把威克姆先生确定为其中的一员，而此时，加德纳太太对伊丽莎白的热情赞扬表示怀疑，勉强地观察了他俩。没有假设，从她所看到的，是很认真的爱，彼此的偏好是平原足够使她有点不安；她决心找伊丽莎白的主题在她离开哈福德郡，并代表她的鼓励这样一种依恋的轻率。
To Mrs. Gardiner, Wickham had one means of affording pleasure, unconnected   with his general powers. About ten or a dozen years ago, before her   marriage, she had spent a considerable time in that very part of   Derbyshire to which he belonged. They had, therefore, many acquaintances   in common; and though Wickham had been little there since the death of   Darcy’s father, it was yet in his power to give her fresher intelligence   of her former friends than she had been in the way of procuring.
对加德纳夫人来说，威克姆有一种提供快乐的方法，与他的一般权力无关。十、十几年前，她结婚之前，她曾在德比郡的一部分，很长时间他所属。因此，他们有许多共同的相识；尽管达西的父亲去世后，威克姆很少在那里，但他仍有能力给她以前的朋友更聪明的情报，而不是她在采购的方式。
Mrs. Gardiner had seen Pemberley, and known the late Mr. Darcy by   character perfectly well. Here consequently was an inexhaustible subject   of discourse. In comparing her recollection of Pemberley with the minute   description which Wickham could give, and in bestowing her tribute of   praise on the character of its late possessor, she was delighting both him   and herself. On being made acquainted with the present Mr. Darcy’s   treatment of him, she tried to remember some of that gentleman’s reputed   disposition when quite a lad which might agree with it, and was confident   at last that she recollected having heard Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy formerly   spoken of as a very proud, ill-natured boy.
加德纳夫人曾见过Pemberley，并称已故的达西先生的性格很好。因此，这是一个无穷无尽的话语主题。在对她的回忆Pemberley的详细描述，威克姆可以给，并赐予她的敬意在后期占有性质的赞美，她很高兴他和自己。在认识了他现在的达西先生的治疗，她试图记住一些，绅士的个性如何当很小可能会同意它，终于有自信，她回想起听到Fitzwilliam Darcy先生曾说，作为一个非常骄傲，脾气很坏的男孩。
Chapter 26
26章
Mrs. Gardiner’s caution to Elizabeth was punctually and kindly given on   the first favourable opportunity of speaking to her alone; after honestly   telling her what she thought, she thus went on:
加德纳太太对伊丽莎白的谨慎准时地给予了她第一次和她单独谈话的好机会；在诚实地告诉她她的想法之后，她继续说下去：
“You are too sensible a girl, Lizzy, to fall in love merely because you   are warned against it; and, therefore, I am not afraid of speaking openly.   Seriously, I would have you be on your guard. Do not involve yourself or   endeavour to involve him in an affection which the want of fortune would   make so very imprudent. I have nothing to say against him; he is a   most interesting young man; and if he had the fortune he ought to have, I   should think you could not do better. But as it is, you must not let your   fancy run away with you. You have sense, and we all expect you to use it.   Your father would depend on your resolution and good conduct, I am   sure. You must not disappoint your father.”
“你是个非常懂事的女孩，Lizzy，只是爱因为你警告；和，因此，我不害怕公开谈论。说真的，我会让你小心点。不涉及自己或使他情网，想要的财富会如此轻率。我对他没有什么可谈的，他是一个非常有趣的年轻人；如果他有他应该有的财富，我认为你不能做得更好。但事实是，你不能让你的幻想和你一起跑掉。你有理智，我们都希望你使用它。我相信你父亲会相信你的决心和品行。你不可使你父亲失望。”
“My dear aunt, this is being serious indeed.”
“亲爱的姑妈，这真是太严肃了。”
“Yes, and I hope to engage you to be serious likewise.”
“是的，我希望你也能认真点。”
“Well, then, you need not be under any alarm. I will take care of myself,   and of Mr. Wickham too. He shall not be in love with me, if I can prevent   it.”
“那么，你就不用惊慌了。我会照顾好我自己，也照顾威克姆先生。如果我能阻止他，他就不会爱上我了。”
“Elizabeth, you are not serious now.”
“伊丽莎白，你现在不是认真的。”
“I beg your pardon, I will try again. At present I am not in love with Mr.   Wickham; no, I certainly am not. But he is, beyond all comparison, the   most agreeable man I ever saw—and if he becomes really attached to   me—I believe it will be better that he should not. I see the   imprudence of it. Oh! that abominable Mr. Darcy! My father’s   opinion of me does me the greatest honour, and I should be miserable to   forfeit it. My father, however, is partial to Mr. Wickham. In short, my   dear aunt, I should be very sorry to be the means of making any of you   unhappy; but since we see every day that where there is affection, young   people are seldom withheld by immediate want of fortune from entering into   engagements with each other, how can I promise to be wiser than so many of   my fellow-creatures if I am tempted, or how am I even to know that it   would be wisdom to resist? All that I can promise you, therefore, is not   to be in a hurry. I will not be in a hurry to believe myself his first   object. When I am in company with him, I will not be wishing. In short, I   will do my best.”
“请原谅，我再试一次。”。目前我并不爱威克姆先生，不，我当然不是。但他是无可比拟的，我见过的最和蔼的人，如果他是真的在我相信它会更好，他不应该。我看到它的轻率。哦!那个可恶的达西先生！我父亲对我的看法是我最大的荣誉，我应该为失去它而痛苦。然而，我父亲偏爱威克姆先生。总之，我亲爱的姑妈，我应该是做任何你不高兴的表示非常遗憾；但是我们每天看到的，哪里有爱，年轻人很少会被立即想财富进入彼此的约会，我怎么能保证会比很多我的同胞们如果我忍不住，还是我甚至知道它是智慧的抵抗？因此，我能向你保证的不是匆忙。我不会急于相信自己的第一个目标。当我和他在一起时，我不会许愿。总之，我会尽我最大的努力。”
“Perhaps it will be as well if you discourage his coming here so very   often. At least, you should not remind your mother of inviting   him.”
“如果你劝阻他经常来这儿，那倒也不错。”。至少，你不应该提醒你母亲邀请他。”
“As I did the other day,” said Elizabeth with a conscious smile: “very   true, it will be wise in me to refrain from that. But do not   imagine that he is always here so often. It is on your account that he has   been so frequently invited this week. You know my mother’s ideas as to the   necessity of constant company for her friends. But really, and upon my   honour, I will try to do what I think to be the wisest; and now I hope you   are satisfied.”
“就像前几天我做的那样，”伊丽莎白带着一个有意识的微笑说：“这是真的，我避免这样做是明智的。但不要以为他总是在这里。他本周经常受到邀请，这是你的原因。你知道我母亲关于陪伴朋友的必要性的想法。但是，真的，以我的名誉，我会尽力去做我认为最聪明的事情，现在我希望你能满意。
Her aunt assured her that she was, and Elizabeth having thanked her for   the kindness of her hints, they parted; a wonderful instance of advice   being given on such a point, without being resented.
她姨妈向她保证她是这样的，伊丽莎白感谢她好意的暗示，他们分手了；一个极好的例子，给出了这样一个忠告，没有被怨恨。
Mr. Collins returned into Hertfordshire soon after it had been quitted by   the Gardiners and Jane; but as he took up his abode with the Lucases, his   arrival was no great inconvenience to Mrs. Bennet. His marriage was now   fast approaching, and she was at length so far resigned as to think it   inevitable, and even repeatedly to say, in an ill-natured tone, that she “wished   they might be happy.” Thursday was to be the wedding day, and on Wednesday   Miss Lucas paid her farewell visit; and when she rose to take leave,   Elizabeth, ashamed of her mother’s ungracious and reluctant good wishes,   and sincerely affected herself, accompanied her out of the room. As they   went downstairs together, Charlotte said:
Collins先生回到赫特福德郡不久后它已经离开的嘉丁纳夫妇和简；但当他拿起他的住所与Lucases，他的到来是Bennet夫人没有很大的不便。他的婚姻已经迫近，她终于至今辞去认为不可避免，甚至反复的说，在一个恶毒的语气，说她“但愿他们会幸福的。”星期四要结婚的那一天，上星期三卢卡斯小姐辞行；当她起身告辞，伊丽莎白，她母亲的粗鲁和不情愿的祝福，惭愧，真诚地影响自己，陪她出去。当他们一起下楼时，夏洛特说：
“I shall depend on hearing from you very often, Eliza.”
“付然，我会经常听取你的意见的。”
“That you certainly shall.”
“你一定会的。”
“And I have another favour to ask you. Will you come and see me?”
“我还有一件事要问你。Will you come and see me?“
“We shall often meet, I hope, in Hertfordshire.”
“我们经常见面，我希望，在赫特福德郡。”
“I am not likely to leave Kent for some time. Promise me, therefore, to   come to Hunsford.”
“我不可能离开肯特一段时间。答应我，因此，来找Hunsford。”
Elizabeth could not refuse, though she foresaw little pleasure in the   visit.
伊丽莎白不能拒绝，尽管她预见到这次访问不会有什么乐趣。
“My father and Maria are coming to me in March,” added Charlotte, “and I   hope you will consent to be of the party. Indeed, Eliza, you will be as   welcome as either of them.”
“我父亲和玛丽亚三月份要来找我，”夏洛特补充说，“我希望你能同意参加聚会。”。真的，付然，你会像他们中的任何一个一样受欢迎的。”
The wedding took place; the bride and bridegroom set off for Kent from the   church door, and everybody had as much to say, or to hear, on the subject   as usual. Elizabeth soon heard from her friend; and their correspondence   was as regular and frequent as it had ever been; that it should be equally   unreserved was impossible. Elizabeth could never address her without   feeling that all the comfort of intimacy was over, and though determined   not to slacken as a correspondent, it was for the sake of what had been,   rather than what was. Charlotte’s first letters were received with a good   deal of eagerness; there could not but be curiosity to know how she would   speak of her new home, how she would like Lady Catherine, and how happy   she would dare pronounce herself to be; though, when the letters were   read, Elizabeth felt that Charlotte expressed herself on every point   exactly as she might have foreseen. She wrote cheerfully, seemed   surrounded with comforts, and mentioned nothing which she could not   praise. The house, furniture, neighbourhood, and roads, were all to her   taste, and Lady Catherine’s behaviour was most friendly and obliging. It   was Mr. Collins’s picture of Hunsford and Rosings rationally softened; and   Elizabeth perceived that she must wait for her own visit there to know the   rest.
婚礼举行了，新娘和新郎从教堂的门出发去肯特，每个人都像往常一样，在这个问题上有很多话要说或听。伊丽莎白不久就收到了她朋友；其对应的是定期和经常像以前；它同样应该完全是不可能的。伊丽莎白从来没有感觉，都称呼她亲密的安慰了，虽然坚决不放松作为一个记者，这是因为曾经的缘故，而不是什么是。夏洛特的第一个字母都收到大量的渴望；也不想知道她会怎么说她的新家，她怎么会喜欢Lady Catherine，多么幸福的她敢说自己是；不过，当信念，伊丽莎白觉得，夏洛特表达了自己对每一点正如她所预料的。她兴高采烈地写着，似乎周围都是舒适的气氛，没有提到任何她无法赞美的东西。房子、家具、街区、道路，都是她的口味，和Lady Catherine的行为是最友好和乐于助人。这是Collins先生的Hunsford和罗新斯的图片合理软化；伊丽莎白认为她必须等待自己去那里知道休息。
Jane had already written a few lines to her sister to announce their safe   arrival in London; and when she wrote again, Elizabeth hoped it would be   in her power to say something of the Bingleys.
简已经写了几句，妹妹在伦敦宣布他们平安到达；当她又写道，伊丽莎白希望这会是她能说的Bingleys什么的。
Her impatience for this second letter was as well rewarded as impatience   generally is. Jane had been a week in town without either seeing or   hearing from Caroline. She accounted for it, however, by supposing that   her last letter to her friend from Longbourn had by some accident been   lost.
她对第二封信的不耐烦和不耐烦一般是一样的。简在城里呆了一个星期，没有看到卡洛琳，也没有听到他的消息。她占了它，然而，在一些事故已经失去了她的最后一封信给她的朋友Longbourn。
“My aunt,” she continued, “is going to-morrow into that part of the town,   and I shall take the opportunity of calling in Grosvenor Street.”
“姨妈，”她继续说，“明天要去镇上的那部分，我想趁格罗夫纳街的机会。”
She wrote again when the visit was paid, and she had seen Miss Bingley. “I   did not think Caroline in spirits,” were her words, “but she was very glad   to see me, and reproached me for giving her no notice of my coming to   London. I was right, therefore, my last letter had never reached her. I   inquired after their brother, of course. He was well, but so much engaged   with Mr. Darcy that they scarcely ever saw him. I found that Miss Darcy   was expected to dinner. I wish I could see her. My visit was not long, as   Caroline and Mrs. Hurst were going out. I dare say I shall see them soon   here.”
访问结束后，她又写了一封信，她看到了宾利小姐。“我不认为卡洛琳情绪激动，”她的话是这样说的，“但她很高兴见到我，并责备我没有注意到我来伦敦。我说得对，所以我最后一封信也没收到。当然，我问候了他们的兄弟。他身体很好，但和达西先生有那么多的交往，他们几乎没见过他。我发现达西小姐要来吃饭。我希望能见到她。我的访问时间不长，卡洛琳和Hurst太太外出了。我敢说我很快就会在这儿见到他们的。”
Elizabeth shook her head over this letter. It convinced her that accident   only could discover to Mr. Bingley her sister’s being in town.
伊丽莎白摇着头看了这封信。这使她相信那次事故只会使宾利先生发现她姐姐在城里。
Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him. She endeavoured to   persuade herself that she did not regret it; but she could no longer be   blind to Miss Bingley’s inattention. After waiting at home every morning   for a fortnight, and inventing every evening a fresh excuse for her, the   visitor did at last appear; but the shortness of her stay, and yet more,   the alteration of her manner would allow Jane to deceive herself no   longer. The letter which she wrote on this occasion to her sister will   prove what she felt.
四个星期过去了，简什么也没看见。她试图说服自己，她不后悔；但她不再盲目错过宾利的疏忽。每天早晨在家等了两个星期，每天晚上为她编造一个新借口后，来访者终于出现了，但她逗留的时间太短了，而她的态度的改变又使简不再欺骗自己了。她在这个场合给她姐姐写的信将证明她所感受到的。
“My dearest Lizzy will, I am sure, be incapable of triumphing in her   better judgement, at my expense, when I confess myself to have been   entirely deceived in Miss Bingley’s regard for me. But, my dear sister,   though the event has proved you right, do not think me obstinate if I   still assert that, considering what her behaviour was, my confidence was   as natural as your suspicion. I do not at all comprehend her reason for   wishing to be intimate with me; but if the same circumstances were to   happen again, I am sure I should be deceived again. Caroline did not   return my visit till yesterday; and not a note, not a line, did I receive   in the meantime. When she did come, it was very evident that she had no   pleasure in it; she made a slight, formal apology, for not calling before,   said not a word of wishing to see me again, and was in every respect so   altered a creature, that when she went away I was perfectly resolved to   continue the acquaintance no longer. I pity, though I cannot help blaming   her. She was very wrong in singling me out as she did; I can safely say   that every advance to intimacy began on her side. But I pity her, because   she must feel that she has been acting wrong, and because I am very sure   that anxiety for her brother is the cause of it. I need not explain myself   farther; and though we know this anxiety to be quite needless, yet   if she feels it, it will easily account for her behaviour to me; and so   deservedly dear as he is to his sister, whatever anxiety she must feel on   his behalf is natural and amiable. I cannot but wonder, however, at her   having any such fears now, because, if he had at all cared about me, we   must have met, long ago. He knows of my being in town, I am certain, from   something she said herself; and yet it would seem, by her manner of   talking, as if she wanted to persuade herself that he is really partial to   Miss Darcy. I cannot understand it. If I were not afraid of judging   harshly, I should be almost tempted to say that there is a strong   appearance of duplicity in all this. But I will endeavour to banish every   painful thought, and think only of what will make me happy—your   affection, and the invariable kindness of my dear uncle and aunt. Let me   hear from you very soon. Miss Bingley said something of his never   returning to Netherfield again, of giving up the house, but not with any   certainty. We had better not mention it. I am extremely glad that you have   such pleasant accounts from our friends at Hunsford. Pray go to see them,   with Sir William and Maria. I am sure you will be very comfortable there.—Yours,   etc.”
“我最亲爱的Lizzy，我肯定不能战胜她更好的判断，以我为代价的，当我承认自己已经完全欺骗了宾利小姐的关心我。但是，我亲爱的妹妹，尽管这件事证明你是对的，但如果我仍然断言，考虑到她的行为，我的信心和你的怀疑一样自然，不要认为我固执。我根本不明白她为什么想和我亲近，但如果同样的情况再次发生，我相信我会再次受骗。卡洛琳直到昨天才回来，我在此期间没有收到一封信，不是一封信。当她来的时候，她显然不高兴，她作了一个轻微的、正式的道歉，因为她以前没有打电话来，一句话也没说，希望再见到我，而且从各方面来说，她是如此地改变了一个人，她走了以后，我就下定决心不再继续交往了。我很同情，尽管我忍不住责备她。她看上我了她是非常错误的；我可以肯定地说，每一个前进的亲密关系开始在她身边。但我可怜她，因为她一定觉得自己做错了，因为我很确定她哥哥的焦虑是她的原因。我不需要解释自己更远；虽然我们知道这种担心完全不必要的，但如果她感受到了，那就足以说明她对我的行为；所以他是当之无愧的亲爱的妹妹，无论她必须感到焦虑代表他是自然的，亲切的。不过，我现在不禁感到奇怪，她现在有这种恐惧，因为，如果他完全关心我，我们早就认识了。我从她说的话中知道，我知道我在城里，但她说话的样子似乎是想说服自己，他真的偏爱达西小姐。我不明白。如果我不害怕刻薄的断语，我真忍不住要说，这是所有欺骗性强的外观。但我会努力驱除每一个痛苦的思想，只想到什么会使我对你的爱感到高兴，以及我亲爱的叔叔阿姨的始终如一的慈爱。让我很快收到你的来信。宾利小姐说他不会再回Netherfield的时候，放弃了房子，但没有把握。我们最好别提这事。我非常高兴你这样愉快的客户从我们的朋友在汉斯福。请和威廉爵士和玛丽亚一起去看他们。我相信你在那里会很舒服的-你的，等等。
This letter gave Elizabeth some pain; but her spirits returned as she   considered that Jane would no longer be duped, by the sister at least. All   expectation from the brother was now absolutely over. She would not even   wish for a renewal of his attentions. His character sunk on every review   of it; and as a punishment for him, as well as a possible advantage to   Jane, she seriously hoped he might really soon marry Mr. Darcy’s sister,   as by Wickham’s account, she would make him abundantly regret what he had   thrown away.
这封信给了伊丽莎白一些痛苦；但她的精神回到她认为简不再上当，至少在妹妹。哥哥的一切期望现在完全结束了。她甚至不希望他再殷勤起来。他的性格在每一次评论中都受到了影响；作为对他的惩罚，也是对简的有利条件，她认真地希望他可能很快就会嫁给达西先生的妹妹，就像威克姆所说的那样，她会使他对自己扔掉的东西感到非常后悔。
Mrs. Gardiner about this time reminded Elizabeth of her promise concerning   that gentleman, and required information; and Elizabeth had such to send   as might rather give contentment to her aunt than to herself. His apparent   partiality had subsided, his attentions were over, he was the admirer of   some one else. Elizabeth was watchful enough to see it all, but she could   see it and write of it without material pain. Her heart had been but   slightly touched, and her vanity was satisfied with believing that she   would have been his only choice, had fortune permitted it. The sudden   acquisition of ten thousand pounds was the most remarkable charm of the   young lady to whom he was now rendering himself agreeable; but Elizabeth,   less clear-sighted perhaps in this case than in Charlotte’s, did not   quarrel with him for his wish of independence. Nothing, on the contrary,   could be more natural; and while able to suppose that it cost him a few   struggles to relinquish her, she was ready to allow it a wise and   desirable measure for both, and could very sincerely wish him happy.
这一次，加德纳太太提醒了伊丽莎白她对那位先生的承诺和所需的信息，而伊丽莎白这样做的话，她宁愿给姑母以满足，也不愿给她自己。他表面上的偏爱已经消退，他的注意力已经结束，他是别人的崇拜者。伊丽莎白警觉得足以看到这一切，但她可以看到它，并没有痛苦地写它。她的心有点被触动了，她的虚荣心满足于相信她会是他唯一的选择，如果命运允许的话。突然获得一万英镑是这位年轻女士最令人惊奇的魅力，他现在对他很满意，但在这件事上，也许比在夏洛特还不那么清楚的伊丽莎白并没有因为他希望独立而与他争吵。事实上，没有什么比这更自然的了，尽管她认为他要付出一些代价来放弃她，但她愿意让它成为一个明智的和可取的两个措施，并且非常真诚地祝愿他幸福。
All this was acknowledged to Mrs. Gardiner; and after relating the   circumstances, she thus went on: “I am now convinced, my dear aunt, that I   have never been much in love; for had I really experienced that pure and   elevating passion, I should at present detest his very name, and wish him   all manner of evil. But my feelings are not only cordial towards him;   they are even impartial towards Miss King. I cannot find out that I hate   her at all, or that I am in the least unwilling to think her a very good   sort of girl. There can be no love in all this. My watchfulness has been   effectual; and though I certainly should be a more interesting object to   all my acquaintances were I distractedly in love with him, I cannot say   that I regret my comparative insignificance. Importance may sometimes be   purchased too dearly. Kitty and Lydia take his defection much more to   heart than I do. They are young in the ways of the world, and not yet open   to the mortifying conviction that handsome young men must have something   to live on as well as the plain.”
这一切都是加德纳太太所承认的，在这样的情况之后，她继续说：“我现在深信，我亲爱的姑妈，我从未恋爱过，因为如果我真的经历了那种纯洁而崇高的激情，我现在应该恨他的名字，并祝愿他一切邪恶。但我的感情不仅对他亲切，而且对金小姐也不偏不倚。我一点也不知道我恨她，或者我根本不愿意把她看作一个很好的女孩。这一切都不可能有爱。我的警觉一直有效；但我当然应该是我认识的人都更有趣的对象是我发疯地爱着他，我不能说我后悔我比较渺小。有时买得太重了。基蒂和丽迪雅对他的背叛比对我更感兴趣。他们在这个世界的方式都是年轻人，而尚未开放的屈辱的信念，英俊的年轻人一定要有生活以及平原。”
Chapter 27
27章
With no greater events than these in the Longbourn family, and otherwise   diversified by little beyond the walks to Meryton, sometimes dirty and   sometimes cold, did January and February pass away. March was to take   Elizabeth to Hunsford. She had not at first thought very seriously of   going thither; but Charlotte, she soon found, was depending on the plan   and she gradually learned to consider it herself with greater pleasure as   well as greater certainty. Absence had increased her desire of seeing   Charlotte again, and weakened her disgust of Mr. Collins. There was   novelty in the scheme, and as, with such a mother and such uncompanionable   sisters, home could not be faultless, a little change was not unwelcome   for its own sake. The journey would moreover give her a peep at Jane; and,   in short, as the time drew near, she would have been very sorry for any   delay. Everything, however, went on smoothly, and was finally settled   according to Charlotte’s first sketch. She was to accompany Sir William   and his second daughter. The improvement of spending a night in London was   added in time, and the plan became perfect as plan could be.
没有比这更大的事件在Longbourn家庭，否则多元化点超越去散步，有时脏，有时冷，是一月和二月去世。伊丽莎白将前往汉斯福德。她起初并没有认真考虑去那里，但夏洛特很快就发现，这取决于这个计划，她逐渐学会了以更大的快乐和更大的把握去考虑它。缺席增加了她再次见到夏洛特的欲望，削弱了她对Collins先生的厌恶。There was   novelty in the scheme, and as, with such a mother and such uncompanionable   sisters, home could not be faultless, a little change was not unwelcome   for its own sake. 这次旅行也会使她对珍妮有一种偷窥的感觉，总之，随着时间的临近，她会对任何耽搁感到非常抱歉。然而，一切都进行得很顺利，最后根据夏洛特的第一个草图解决了。她要陪威廉爵士和他的第二个女儿。随着时间的推移，伦敦夜生活的改善也增加了，计划也变得完美了。
The only pain was in leaving her father, who would certainly miss her, and   who, when it came to the point, so little liked her going, that he told   her to write to him, and almost promised to answer her letter.
唯一的痛苦是离开她的父亲，她肯定会想念她，当她说到这点时，她几乎不喜欢她，他告诉她给他写信，几乎答应答应她的信。
The farewell between herself and Mr. Wickham was perfectly friendly; on   his side even more. His present pursuit could not make him forget that   Elizabeth had been the first to excite and to deserve his attention, the   first to listen and to pity, the first to be admired; and in his manner of   bidding her adieu, wishing her every enjoyment, reminding her of what she   was to expect in Lady Catherine de Bourgh, and trusting their opinion of   her—their opinion of everybody—would always coincide, there   was a solicitude, an interest which she felt must ever attach her to him   with a most sincere regard; and she parted from him convinced that,   whether married or single, he must always be her model of the amiable and   pleasing.
她和威克姆先生之间的告别是非常友好的，在他那边更是如此。他现在的追求使他不能忘记，伊丽莎白是第一个激发和得到他的注意，先倾听和同情，是欣赏第一；在他向她告别的方式，希望自己的每一个享受，提醒她，她是Catherine de Bourgh夫人希望和信任他们认为她的意见大家都一致，有一种关怀，一种兴趣，她觉得必须要把她给他一个最真诚的关心；她离开他，相信无论是单身还是已婚，他必须总是被她和蔼可亲的和令人愉快的模型。
Her fellow-travellers the next day were not of a kind to make her think   him less agreeable. Sir William Lucas, and his daughter Maria, a   good-humoured girl, but as empty-headed as himself, had nothing to say   that could be worth hearing, and were listened to with about as much   delight as the rattle of the chaise. Elizabeth loved absurdities, but she   had known Sir William’s too long. He could tell her nothing new of the   wonders of his presentation and knighthood; and his civilities were worn   out, like his information.
第二天，她的旅伴们并不想让她觉得他不那么讨人喜欢。William Lucas先生和他的女儿玛丽亚，一个快乐的女孩，但头脑空空如己，什么也没说，可能是值得听的，都听一样的马车响多乐趣。伊丽莎白爱的荒谬，但她知道威廉爵士的太久。他可以告诉她，没有什么新的他的表现和骑士的奇迹；他的礼貌穿破了，喜欢他的信息。
It was a journey of only twenty-four miles, and they began it so early as   to be in Gracechurch Street by noon. As they drove to Mr. Gardiner’s door,   Jane was at a drawing-room window watching their arrival; when they   entered the passage she was there to welcome them, and Elizabeth, looking   earnestly in her face, was pleased to see it healthful and lovely as ever.   On the stairs were a troop of little boys and girls, whose eagerness for   their cousin’s appearance would not allow them to wait in the   drawing-room, and whose shyness, as they had not seen her for a   twelvemonth, prevented their coming lower. All was joy and kindness. The   day passed most pleasantly away; the morning in bustle and shopping, and   the evening at one of the theatres.
这是一个只有二十四英里的旅程，他们开始很早，为的是要在正午天恩寺街。当他们开车到加德纳先生的门口时，简在客厅的窗口看着他们的到来；当他们进入通道时，她在那里迎接他们，伊丽莎白认真地看着她的脸，高兴地看到它像以前一样健康和可爱。在楼梯上被一群小男孩和女孩，他们为他们的表兄的外观的渴望不允许他们在客厅里等候，而害羞，因为他们没有一年看到她，阻止他们来下。一切都是欢乐和仁慈。这一天过得最愉快，早晨在喧闹和购物，晚上在剧院之一。
Elizabeth then contrived to sit by her aunt. Their first object was her   sister; and she was more grieved than astonished to hear, in reply to her   minute inquiries, that though Jane always struggled to support her   spirits, there were periods of dejection. It was reasonable, however, to   hope that they would not continue long. Mrs. Gardiner gave her the   particulars also of Miss Bingley’s visit in Gracechurch Street, and   repeated conversations occurring at different times between Jane and   herself, which proved that the former had, from her heart, given up the   acquaintance.
伊丽莎白设法坐在她姨妈旁边。他们的第一个对象是她的妹妹；她更伤心比惊讶地听到，听到她一分钟的查询，即使简一直支持她的精神，有一段沮丧。不过，希望他们不会继续太久是合理的。加德纳太太给她的资料也在天恩寺街拜访宾利小姐，和发生在简和自己之间的不同时间重复的对话，这证明了前者，从她的心，来往了。
Mrs. Gardiner then rallied her niece on Wickham’s desertion, and   complimented her on bearing it so well.
然后加德纳太太说服她的侄女去威克姆的遗弃，并称赞她很好地忍受了这件事。
“But my dear Elizabeth,” she added, “what sort of girl is Miss King? I   should be sorry to think our friend mercenary.”
“但是我亲爱的伊丽莎白，”她补充道，“金小姐是什么样的姑娘？我认为我们的朋友是唯利是图的，我会感到遗憾。”
“Pray, my dear aunt, what is the difference in matrimonial affairs,   between the mercenary and the prudent motive? Where does discretion end,   and avarice begin? Last Christmas you were afraid of his marrying me,   because it would be imprudent; and now, because he is trying to get a girl   with only ten thousand pounds, you want to find out that he is mercenary.”
“亲爱的姑妈，祈祷吧，婚姻事务，唯利是图和谨慎的动机之间有什么不同？并决定结束的地方，和贪婪的开始？去年圣诞节你还怕他娶我，因为这将是不明智的；而现在，因为他要去跟一个只有一万磅的女孩，你要说他是雇佣兵。”
“If you will only tell me what sort of girl Miss King is, I shall know   what to think.”
“只要你告诉我金小姐是个什么样的姑娘，我就知道该怎么想了。”
“She is a very good kind of girl, I believe. I know no harm of her.”
“我相信她是一个很好的女孩。”。我不知道她有什么害处。”
“But he paid her not the smallest attention till her grandfather’s death   made her mistress of this fortune.”
“但直到祖父去世后，她才对她付出了最小的关注。
“No—why should he? If it were not allowable for him to gain my   affections because I had no money, what occasion could there be for making   love to a girl whom he did not care about, and who was equally poor?”
“不，他为什么要这样？如果他因为我没有钱而不能得到我的爱，那他对一个他不关心的女孩，和同样贫穷的女人，又有什么机会呢？“
“But there seems an indelicacy in directing his attentions towards her so   soon after this event.”
“但似乎在指导他走向她后这么快就这一事件的下流。”
“A man in distressed circumstances has not time for all those elegant   decorums which other people may observe. If she does not object to   it, why should we?”
“一个处境困难的人，没有时间为那些优雅的礼节，其他人可以看到。如果她不反对的话，我们为什么要反对呢？“
“Her not objecting does not justify him. It only shows her   being deficient in something herself—sense or feeling.”
她不反对他是不正当的。这只能说明她缺乏自己感兴趣的东西。”
“Well,” cried Elizabeth, “have it as you choose. He shall be   mercenary, and she shall be foolish.”
“好吧，”伊丽莎白叫道，“随你选吧。”。他是个唯利是图的人，她是愚蠢的。”
“No, Lizzy, that is what I do not choose. I should be sorry, you   know, to think ill of a young man who has lived so long in Derbyshire.”
“不，Lizzy，这是我没有选择。我应该说对不起，你知道的，想我一个年轻人在德比郡住了这么久。”
“Oh! if that is all, I have a very poor opinion of young men who live in   Derbyshire; and their intimate friends who live in Hertfordshire are not   much better. I am sick of them all. Thank Heaven! I am going to-morrow   where I shall find a man who has not one agreeable quality, who has   neither manner nor sense to recommend him. Stupid men are the only ones   worth knowing, after all.”
“哦！如果是，我有一个非常贫穷的年轻人，生活在Derbyshire的意见；和亲密的朋友住在赫特福德郡不是更好。我讨厌他们所有人。感谢上天！我明天要去，在那里我会发现一个没有好品质的人，既没有风度也没有意义去推荐他。毕竟，愚蠢的男人是唯一值得了解的人。”
“Take care, Lizzy; that speech savours strongly of disappointment.”
“小心，Lizzy；言语品味强烈的失望。”
Before they were separated by the conclusion of the play, she had the   unexpected happiness of an invitation to accompany her uncle and aunt in a   tour of pleasure which they proposed taking in the summer.
在演出结束前，她有一份意外的快乐，邀请她叔叔和婶婶一起去参加他们夏天要举行的一次旅游。
“We have not determined how far it shall carry us,” said Mrs. Gardiner,   “but, perhaps, to the Lakes.”
加德纳夫人说：“我们还没有确定它会把我们带到什么地方去，但也许是去湖上的。”
No scheme could have been more agreeable to Elizabeth, and her acceptance   of the invitation was most ready and grateful. “Oh, my dear, dear aunt,”   she rapturously cried, “what delight! what felicity! You give me fresh   life and vigour. Adieu to disappointment and spleen. What are young men to   rocks and mountains? Oh! what hours of transport we shall spend! And when   we do return, it shall not be like other travellers, without being   able to give one accurate idea of anything. We will know where we   have gone—we will recollect what we have seen. Lakes,   mountains, and rivers shall not be jumbled together in our imaginations;   nor when we attempt to describe any particular scene, will we begin   quarreling about its relative situation. Let our first effusions be   less insupportable than those of the generality of travellers.”
对伊丽莎白来说，没有任何计划能更令人满意，她接受邀请的准备是最充分和最令人感激的。“哦，我亲爱的，亲爱的姑妈，”她欢天喜地叫了起来，“什么喜悦！什么样的幸福！你给了我新的生机和活力。告别失望和脾。年轻人对岩石和山有什么看法？哦!我们将花多少小时的交通？！当我们回来时，它不会像其他旅行者一样，无法准确地说出任何事情。我们会知道我们到哪里去了，我们会回忆起我们所看到的。Lakes、山川和河流，在我们的想象中不应该混杂在一起；当我们试图描述任何特定的场景时，我们是否会开始争论它的相对情况？。让我们首先积液比旅行者的共性不无法忍受。”
Chapter 28
28章
Every object in the next day’s journey was new and interesting to   Elizabeth; and her spirits were in a state of enjoyment; for she had seen   her sister looking so well as to banish all fear for her health, and the   prospect of her northern tour was a constant source of delight.
第二天旅途中的每一件事对伊丽莎白来说都是新鲜而有趣的，她的精神也很愉快，因为她看到她的妹妹看起来很好，消除了对她健康的恐惧，她北方之旅的前景是一个永恒的快乐源泉。
When they left the high road for the lane to Hunsford, every eye was in   search of the Parsonage, and every turning expected to bring it in view.   The palings of Rosings Park was their boundary on one side. Elizabeth   smiled at the recollection of all that she had heard of its inhabitants.
当他们离开了大路，小路到Hunsford，每一只眼睛都在牧师搜索，和每一个转折的预期就要看到。罗新斯花园的栅栏是他们一方的边界。伊丽莎白回忆起她听说过的居民的一切，她笑了。
At length the Parsonage was discernible. The garden sloping to the road,   the house standing in it, the green pales, and the laurel hedge,   everything declared they were arriving. Mr. Collins and Charlotte appeared   at the door, and the carriage stopped at the small gate which led by a   short gravel walk to the house, amidst the nods and smiles of the whole   party. In a moment they were all out of the chaise, rejoicing at the sight   of each other. Mrs. Collins welcomed her friend with the liveliest   pleasure, and Elizabeth was more and more satisfied with coming when she   found herself so affectionately received. She saw instantly that her   cousin’s manners were not altered by his marriage; his formal civility was   just what it had been, and he detained her some minutes at the gate to   hear and satisfy his inquiries after all her family. They were then, with   no other delay than his pointing out the neatness of the entrance, taken   into the house; and as soon as they were in the parlour, he welcomed them   a second time, with ostentatious formality to his humble abode, and   punctually repeated all his wife’s offers of refreshment.
最后，牧师是明显的。大路斜对面的花园，花园里的房子、绿的栅栏，和月桂，都宣布他们的来到。Collins先生和夏洛特出现在门口，马车停在通往小房子的小门口，在整个晚会的点头和微笑中。在一个时刻他们都下了马车，欣喜在彼此的视线。Collins夫人对她朋友的快乐，和伊丽莎白越来越满意来当她发现自己这么亲切的欢迎。她立刻看出她表兄的举止并没有因为他的婚姻而改变，他那有礼貌的举止正是原来的样子，他在她家门口等了她几分钟，让她听到并满足了她全家的询问。当时，没有其他的延迟比他指出入口整洁，带进了屋子；只要他们在客厅，他欢迎他们一次，以夸张的形式到他的蜗居，按时地重复他的妻子提供茶点。
Elizabeth was prepared to see him in his glory; and she could not help in   fancying that in displaying the good proportion of the room, its aspect   and its furniture, he addressed himself particularly to her, as if wishing   to make her feel what she had lost in refusing him. But though everything   seemed neat and comfortable, she was not able to gratify him by any sigh   of repentance, and rather looked with wonder at her friend that she could   have so cheerful an air with such a companion. When Mr. Collins said   anything of which his wife might reasonably be ashamed, which certainly   was not unseldom, she involuntarily turned her eye on Charlotte. Once or   twice she could discern a faint blush; but in general Charlotte wisely did   not hear. After sitting long enough to admire every article of furniture   in the room, from the sideboard to the fender, to give an account of their   journey, and of all that had happened in London, Mr. Collins invited them   to take a stroll in the garden, which was large and well laid out, and to   the cultivation of which he attended himself. To work in this garden was   one of his most respectable pleasures; and Elizabeth admired the command   of countenance with which Charlotte talked of the healthfulness of the   exercise, and owned she encouraged it as much as possible. Here, leading   the way through every walk and cross walk, and scarcely allowing them an   interval to utter the praises he asked for, every view was pointed out   with a minuteness which left beauty entirely behind. He could number the   fields in every direction, and could tell how many trees there were in the   most distant clump. But of all the views which his garden, or which the   country or kingdom could boast, none were to be compared with the prospect   of Rosings, afforded by an opening in the trees that bordered the park   nearly opposite the front of his house. It was a handsome modern building,   well situated on rising ground.
伊丽莎白准备在他的荣耀中看到他；她忍不住幻想，显示房间的好的比例，其方面和家具，他是特地讲给她听，好像希望让她感觉到她失去了拒绝他。但是，一切都显得整洁和舒适，她不能满足他任何叹息的悔改，而惊讶地望着她的朋友，她能有如此开朗的空气与这样一个伙伴。当Collins先生说，他的妻子可能会感到羞愧，这当然是不unseldom，她不由自主地把夏洛特的眼睛。有一两次，她能隐约看到一种红晕；但总的说来，夏洛特聪明地没有听见。坐在足够长的时间来欣赏房间中家具的每一篇文章后，从餐具柜的挡泥板，给他们的旅程的一个帐户，和所有发生在伦敦，Collins先生邀请他们在花园散步，这是大和整齐，和修行，他参加了自己。在花园里工作是他的一个最受人尊敬和钦佩的乐趣；伊丽莎白镇定自若，夏洛特谈到了运动健康、并拥有她鼓励尽可能多的。在这里，一路领先，通过每一个走和横走，几乎让他们的间隔发出他要赞扬，指出一个微小留下美丽完全是每一个观点的背后。他可以在各个方向数田地，也能分辨出最远的树丛里有多少棵树。但是所有人的意见，他的花园，或该国或王国可以夸耀的，都是在罗新斯的前景相比，在树旁的公园几乎是相反的他的房子的前面开口了。这是一座漂亮的现代化建筑，坐落在上升的地面上。
From his garden, Mr. Collins would have led them round his two meadows;   but the ladies, not having shoes to encounter the remains of a white   frost, turned back; and while Sir William accompanied him, Charlotte took   her sister and friend over the house, extremely well pleased, probably, to   have the opportunity of showing it without her husband’s help. It was   rather small, but well built and convenient; and everything was fitted up   and arranged with a neatness and consistency of which Elizabeth gave   Charlotte all the credit. When Mr. Collins could be forgotten, there was   really an air of great comfort throughout, and by Charlotte’s evident   enjoyment of it, Elizabeth supposed he must be often forgotten.
在他的花园里，Collins先生会带领他们参观他的两草甸；但女士们，没有鞋子的白霜，依然回头；而威廉先生陪着他，夏洛特把自己的妹妹和朋友的房子，非常高兴，可能有机会展示它没有丈夫的帮助。它很小，但建方便；一切都布置得和设有整洁和一致性，伊丽莎白给了夏洛特所有的荣誉。当Collins先生被人遗忘的时候，整个人的心里都充满了极大的安慰，而夏洛特明显地享受到了这一点，伊丽莎白认为他一定经常被人遗忘。
She had already learnt that Lady Catherine was still in the country. It   was spoken of again while they were at dinner, when Mr. Collins joining   in, observed:
她已经听说Lady Catherine还在乡下。当他们在吃饭时，Collins先生加入进来时，人们又谈到了这一点：
“Yes, Miss Elizabeth, you will have the honour of seeing Lady Catherine de   Bourgh on the ensuing Sunday at church, and I need not say you will be   delighted with her. She is all affability and condescension, and I doubt   not but you will be honoured with some portion of her notice when service   is over. I have scarcely any hesitation in saying she will include you and   my sister Maria in every invitation with which she honours us during your   stay here. Her behaviour to my dear Charlotte is charming. We dine at   Rosings twice every week, and are never allowed to walk home. Her   ladyship’s carriage is regularly ordered for us. I should say, one   of her ladyship’s carriages, for she has several.”
“是的，伊丽莎白小姐，你会看到Catherine de Bourgh夫人在随后的星期日在教堂的荣誉，我不需要说你一定会喜欢她的。她是亲切和谦虚，我毫不怀疑，但你会很荣幸地受到她的注意服务结束时。我毫不犹豫地说，她将邀请你和我妹妹玛丽亚参加你在这里逗留期间的每一次邀请。她对我亲爱的夏洛特的举止很迷人。我们在这里每周两次用餐，而不允许走回家。夫人的马车经常命令我们。我应该说，她的一个夫人的马车，因为她有几个。”
“Lady Catherine is a very respectable, sensible woman indeed,” added   Charlotte, “and a most attentive neighbour.”
“Lady Catherine是一个非常可敬、通情达理的女人，”夏洛特补充道，“也是一个非常细心的邻居。”
“Very true, my dear, that is exactly what I say. She is the sort of woman   whom one cannot regard with too much deference.”
“真的，亲爱的，我就是这么说的。”。她是那种不能过分尊重的女人。”
The evening was spent chiefly in talking over Hertfordshire news, and   telling again what had already been written; and when it closed,   Elizabeth, in the solitude of her chamber, had to meditate upon   Charlotte’s degree of contentment, to understand her address in guiding,   and composure in bearing with, her husband, and to acknowledge that it was   all done very well. She had also to anticipate how her visit would pass,   the quiet tenor of their usual employments, the vexatious interruptions of   Mr. Collins, and the gaieties of their intercourse with Rosings. A lively   imagination soon settled it all.
晚上主要就谈论在赫特福德郡的消息，并告诉了我们已经写了；当它关闭，伊丽莎白，在她的房间的孤独，要默想夏洛特的满意度，了解指导她的地址，并在轴承，沉着，她的丈夫，并承认这一切都做得很好。她也期待她的访问将通过，他们通常使用安静的男高音，Collins先生的无理取闹的中断，Rosings跟他们交往的欢乐。活跃的想象力很快就解决了一切。
About the middle of the next day, as she was in her room getting ready for   a walk, a sudden noise below seemed to speak the whole house in confusion;   and, after listening a moment, she heard somebody running up stairs in a   violent hurry, and calling loudly after her. She opened the door and met   Maria in the landing place, who, breathless with agitation, cried out—
大约第二天中，当她在房间里准备散步的时候，突然一声突如其来的声音似乎把整个屋子都弄得一片混乱，听了一会儿，她听到有人以暴力的速度跑上楼去，大声地跟在她后面喊。她打开门，在着陆处遇见了玛丽亚，他激动得喘不过气来，大叫起来—
“Oh, my dear Eliza! pray make haste and come into the dining-room, for   there is such a sight to be seen! I will not tell you what it is. Make   haste, and come down this moment.”
“噢，我亲爱的付然！请赶快进入餐厅，因为有这样一个景象可以看到！我不会告诉你那是什么。赶快，马上下来。”
Elizabeth asked questions in vain; Maria would tell her nothing more, and   down they ran into the dining-room, which fronted the lane, in quest of   this wonder; It was two ladies stopping in a low phaeton at the garden   gate.
伊丽莎白被问到的问题是徒劳的；玛丽亚会告诉她什么，下他们跑进餐厅，这是车道，在这个神奇的任务；这是两位女士停在一个较低的辉腾在花园门口。
“And is this all?” cried Elizabeth. “I expected at least that the pigs   were got into the garden, and here is nothing but Lady Catherine and her   daughter.”
“这是全部吗？伊丽莎白喊道。“我至少希望猪都进了花园，这里只剩下Lady Catherine和她的女儿。”
“La! my dear,” said Maria, quite shocked at the mistake, “it is not Lady   Catherine. The old lady is Mrs. Jenkinson, who lives with them; the other   is Miss de Bourgh. Only look at her. She is quite a little creature. Who   would have thought that she could be so thin and small?”
“香格里拉！“亲爱的，”玛丽亚说，对这个错误相当震惊，“不是凯瑟琳女士。”。老太太是詹金森的夫人，和他们生活在一起；另一是de Bourgh小姐。只看她。她真是个小人物。谁会想到她会这么瘦这么小呢？“
“She is abominably rude to keep Charlotte out of doors in all this wind.   Why does she not come in?”
“她是夏洛特户外风这样粗鲁得让人讨厌。她为什么不进来？“
“Oh, Charlotte says she hardly ever does. It is the greatest of favours   when Miss de Bourgh comes in.”
“哦，夏洛特说她几乎从不做。这是最大的好处时，de Bourgh小姐来了。”
“I like her appearance,” said Elizabeth, struck with other ideas. “She   looks sickly and cross. Yes, she will do for him very well. She will make   him a very proper wife.”
“我喜欢她的外表，”伊丽莎白说，她也有其他的想法。“她看上去很病态，很生气。是的，她会为他做得很好的。她会使他成为一个非常好的妻子。”
Mr. Collins and Charlotte were both standing at the gate in conversation   with the ladies; and Sir William, to Elizabeth’s high diversion, was   stationed in the doorway, in earnest contemplation of the greatness before   him, and constantly bowing whenever Miss de Bourgh looked that way.
Collins和夏洛特都站在门口与女士交谈；与威廉先生，伊丽莎白的高调，站在门口，认真思考的伟大，在他面前，不断鞠躬时，de Bourgh小姐看起来是这样的。
At length there was nothing more to be said; the ladies drove on, and the   others returned into the house. Mr. Collins no sooner saw the two girls   than he began to congratulate them on their good fortune, which Charlotte   explained by letting them know that the whole party was asked to dine at   Rosings the next day.
最后，没什么要说的了，女士们继续开车，其他人都回到屋里。Collins先生一看到两个女孩比他开始祝贺他们的好运气，而夏洛特的解释让他们知道整个党被问到罗新斯明天吃饭。
Chapter 29
29章
Mr. Collins’s triumph, in consequence of this invitation, was complete.   The power of displaying the grandeur of his patroness to his wondering   visitors, and of letting them see her civility towards himself and his   wife, was exactly what he had wished for; and that an opportunity of doing   it should be given so soon, was such an instance of Lady Catherine’s   condescension, as he knew not how to admire enough.
由于这次邀请，Collins先生的胜利是圆满的。对他的好奇的游客展示他的守护神的伟大力量，并让他们看到她礼貌地对他自己和他的妻子，正是他所希望的；而且做它应该这么快就得到了一个机会，就是这样一个实例，Lady Catherine的谦虚，因为他不知道如何欣赏足够的。
“I confess,” said he, “that I should not have been at all surprised by her   ladyship’s asking us on Sunday to drink tea and spend the evening at   Rosings. I rather expected, from my knowledge of her affability, that it   would happen. But who could have foreseen such an attention as this? Who   could have imagined that we should receive an invitation to dine there (an   invitation, moreover, including the whole party) so immediately after your   arrival!”
“我承认，”他说，“我不应该惊讶的夫人邀请我们星期日去吃茶点，在罗新斯消磨一个下午。我很期待，从我对她的殷勤的知识，它会发生。但是谁能预见到这样的关注呢？谁能想到我们会在你到达后立即接到邀请去那里吃饭呢？！“
“I am the less surprised at what has happened,” replied Sir William, “from   that knowledge of what the manners of the great really are, which my   situation in life has allowed me to acquire. About the court, such   instances of elegant breeding are not uncommon.”
“我对所发生的事情不那么惊讶，”威廉爵士回答道，“从那种对伟大人物的态度的了解中，我的生活状况使我得以获得。”。关于宫廷，这种优雅教养的事例并不少见。”
Scarcely anything was talked of the whole day or next morning but their   visit to Rosings. Mr. Collins was carefully instructing them in what they   were to expect, that the sight of such rooms, so many servants, and so   splendid a dinner, might not wholly overpower them.
几乎什么都谈了整整一天和第二天上午，但他们参观Rosings。Collins先生精心指导他们的期望，这样房间的视线，所以很多仆人，那样丰盛的晚餐，不可能完全压制住他们。
When the ladies were separating for the toilette, he said to Elizabeth—
当女士们正在为梳洗打扮时，他对伊丽莎白说—
“Do not make yourself uneasy, my dear cousin, about your apparel. Lady   Catherine is far from requiring that elegance of dress in us which becomes   herself and her daughter. I would advise you merely to put on whatever of   your clothes is superior to the rest—there is no occasion for   anything more. Lady Catherine will not think the worse of you for being   simply dressed. She likes to have the distinction of rank preserved.”
亲爱的表哥，不要为你的衣着感到不安。Lady Catherine根本不需要我们身上的优雅，而她自己和她的女儿。我劝你只要穿上你的衣服就比其他衣服好，再也没有机会了。Lady Catherine不会因为你穿得太朴素而认为你更坏。她喜欢保留等级的等级。”
While they were dressing, he came two or three times to their different   doors, to recommend their being quick, as Lady Catherine very much   objected to be kept waiting for her dinner. Such formidable accounts of   her ladyship, and her manner of living, quite frightened Maria Lucas who   had been little used to company, and she looked forward to her   introduction at Rosings with as much apprehension as her father had done   to his presentation at St. James’s.
当他们穿衣服的时候，他来了两、三次到不同的门口，向他们推荐他们很快，因为Lady Catherine非常反对让她等着吃饭。夫人这样强大的帐户，和她的生活方式，很害怕Maria Lucas已经很少使用的公司，和她期待她的介绍罗新斯一样理解她的父亲做了他的介绍在圣杰姆斯。
As the weather was fine, they had a pleasant walk of about half a mile   across the park. Every park has its beauty and its prospects; and   Elizabeth saw much to be pleased with, though she could not be in such   raptures as Mr. Collins expected the scene to inspire, and was but   slightly affected by his enumeration of the windows in front of the house,   and his relation of what the glazing altogether had originally cost Sir   Lewis de Bourgh.
由于天气晴朗，他们在公园里走了大约半英里的路。每个公园都有它的美丽和它的前景；伊丽莎白看到很高兴，虽然她不能像Collins先生期望的场景来激发这种狂喜，但是他是在房子前面的窗户枚举稍受影响，和他的关系是玻璃完全原本成本先生Lewis de Bourgh。
When they ascended the steps to the hall, Maria’s alarm was every moment   increasing, and even Sir William did not look perfectly calm. Elizabeth’s   courage did not fail her. She had heard nothing of Lady Catherine that   spoke her awful from any extraordinary talents or miraculous virtue, and   the mere stateliness of money or rank she thought she could witness   without trepidation.
当他们登上大厅的台阶时，玛丽亚的闹钟越来越响，甚至连威廉爵士也显得一点也不平静。伊丽莎白的勇气并没有使她失败。她听到Lady Catherine说她可怕的任何非凡的天才或奇迹般的美德无关，与单纯的威严的钱或地位，她认为她可以见证不害怕。
From the entrance-hall, of which Mr. Collins pointed out, with a rapturous   air, the fine proportion and the finished ornaments, they followed the   servants through an ante-chamber, to the room where Lady Catherine, her   daughter, and Mrs. Jenkinson were sitting. Her ladyship, with great   condescension, arose to receive them; and as Mrs. Collins had settled it   with her husband that the office of introduction should be hers, it was   performed in a proper manner, without any of those apologies and thanks   which he would have thought necessary.
从入口大厅，其中Collins先生指出，一个热烈的空气，堂皇富丽，他们通过一个前厅的仆人的房间里，Lady Catherine，她的女儿，詹金森太太坐在。夫人屈尊降贵，站起身来迎接他们；当Collins夫人已经与她的丈夫办公室介绍应该是她的，这是在一个适当的方式进行的，没有任何人的道歉和感谢，他会认为是必要的。
In spite of having been at St. James’s, Sir William was so completely awed   by the grandeur surrounding him, that he had but just courage enough to   make a very low bow, and take his seat without saying a word; and his   daughter, frightened almost out of her senses, sat on the edge of her   chair, not knowing which way to look. Elizabeth found herself quite equal   to the scene, and could observe the three ladies before her composedly.   Lady Catherine was a tall, large woman, with strongly-marked features,   which might once have been handsome. Her air was not conciliating, nor was   her manner of receiving them such as to make her visitors forget their   inferior rank. She was not rendered formidable by silence; but whatever   she said was spoken in so authoritative a tone, as marked her   self-importance, and brought Mr. Wickham immediately to Elizabeth’s mind;   and from the observation of the day altogether, she believed Lady   Catherine to be exactly what he represented.
尽管去过圣杰姆斯的教堂，威廉爵士对周围的富丽堂皇感到十分敬畏，但他只是鼓足勇气鞠了一个躬，不说一句话就坐了下来；他的女儿吓得几乎失去理智，坐在椅子的边缘，不知该走哪条路。伊丽莎白发现自己相当的场景，可以观察在她地三位女士。Lady Catherine是一个身材高大、身材高大的女人，有着明显的容貌特征，这可能一度很英俊。她气不调和，她也接受他们如使宾客忘却自己身份的低微的方式。她没有因沉默而变得可怕，但她所说的一切都以如此权威的口吻说话，这标志着她的自我重要性，使威克姆先生立即想到了伊丽莎白的头脑；从那天的观察中，她相信Lady Catherine正是他所代表的。
When, after examining the mother, in whose countenance and deportment she   soon found some resemblance of Mr. Darcy, she turned her eyes on the   daughter, she could almost have joined in Maria’s astonishment at her   being so thin and so small. There was neither in figure nor face any   likeness between the ladies. Miss de Bourgh was pale and sickly; her   features, though not plain, were insignificant; and she spoke very little,   except in a low voice, to Mrs. Jenkinson, in whose appearance there was   nothing remarkable, and who was entirely engaged in listening to what she   said, and placing a screen in the proper direction before her eyes.
检查时，母亲在她的容貌和举止，她很快就发现了一些相似的达西先生，她把眼睛上的女儿，她几乎都参加了玛丽亚的惊奇，她那么瘦，那么小。两位女士的身材和脸上没有任何相似之处。de Bourgh小姐的脸色苍白、病态；她的特点，虽然不是平原，是微不足道的；她很少说话，但声音很低，詹金森夫人，在其外表有没有什么了不起的，谁是完全从事听她说什么，放一个屏幕在正确的方向，在她的眼睛。
After sitting a few minutes, they were all sent to one of the windows to   admire the view, Mr. Collins attending them to point out its beauties, and   Lady Catherine kindly informing them that it was much better worth looking   at in the summer.
坐了几分钟后，他们都被派到一个窗口欣赏风景，Collins先生在那里向他们指出风景，Lady Catherine亲切地告诉他们，夏天更值得一看。
The dinner was exceedingly handsome, and there were all the servants and   all the articles of plate which Mr. Collins had promised; and, as he had   likewise foretold, he took his seat at the bottom of the table, by her   ladyship’s desire, and looked as if he felt that life could furnish   nothing greater. He carved, and ate, and praised with delighted alacrity;   and every dish was commended, first by him and then by Sir William, who   was now enough recovered to echo whatever his son-in-law said, in a manner   which Elizabeth wondered Lady Catherine could bear. But Lady Catherine   seemed gratified by their excessive admiration, and gave most gracious   smiles, especially when any dish on the table proved a novelty to them.   The party did not supply much conversation. Elizabeth was ready to speak   whenever there was an opening, but she was seated between Charlotte and   Miss de Bourgh—the former of whom was engaged in listening to Lady   Catherine, and the latter said not a word to her all dinner-time. Mrs.   Jenkinson was chiefly employed in watching how little Miss de Bourgh ate,   pressing her to try some other dish, and fearing she was indisposed. Maria   thought speaking out of the question, and the gentlemen did nothing but   eat and admire.
晚餐非常帅，还有所有的仆人和所有物品的板，Collins先生承诺，为他；同样的预言，他在桌子底坐，以夫人的愿望，似乎他觉得人生没有什么更能提供。他雕刻，和吃，和兴致勃勃地赞不绝口；每一道菜都由他先夸奖，然后由威廉爵士，他现在已经恢复到附和他的女婿说，以伊丽莎白不知道凯瑟琳夫人所能承受的。但Lady Catherine似乎对他们的过分赞赏感到满意，并给予最亲切的微笑，尤其是当餐桌上的任何菜对他们来说都是新鲜事物时。该党没有提供大量的谈话内容。伊丽莎白准备说话，每当有一个开口，但她坐在夏洛特小姐和de Bourgh之间的人前正在听Lady Catherine，后者一句话也没有说她晚饭时间。詹金森夫人是在看小de Bourgh小姐吃，催促她试试其他的菜，又怕她不舒服。玛丽亚认为是出于问题，绅士们除了吃和欣赏以外什么也没做。
When the ladies returned to the drawing-room, there was little to be done   but to hear Lady Catherine talk, which she did without any intermission   till coffee came in, delivering her opinion on every subject in so   decisive a manner, as proved that she was not used to have her judgement   controverted. She inquired into Charlotte’s domestic concerns familiarly   and minutely, gave her a great deal of advice as to the management of them   all; told her how everything ought to be regulated in so small a family as   hers, and instructed her as to the care of her cows and her poultry.   Elizabeth found that nothing was beneath this great lady’s attention,   which could furnish her with an occasion of dictating to others. In the   intervals of her discourse with Mrs. Collins, she addressed a variety of   questions to Maria and Elizabeth, but especially to the latter, of whose   connections she knew the least, and who she observed to Mrs. Collins was a   very genteel, pretty kind of girl. She asked her, at different times, how   many sisters she had, whether they were older or younger than herself,   whether any of them were likely to be married, whether they were handsome,   where they had been educated, what carriage her father kept, and what had   been her mother’s maiden name? Elizabeth felt all the impertinence of her   questions but answered them very composedly. Lady Catherine then observed,
当女士们回到客厅，有点要做但听Lady Catherine说话，她没有任何休息直到咖啡进来了，她对每一个主题提供那么斩钉截铁，作为证明，她不习惯有她的判断反驳。她问到夏洛特的国内问题都和微小的，给了她很大的意见，对他们的管理；告诉她一切都应该在她那么小的家庭规范，指导她为她的奶牛和家禽的照顾她。伊丽莎白发现这位大小姐的注意力没有任何不足之处，这使她有机会向别人发号施令。在她与Collins夫人的话语的间隔，她各种各样的玛丽亚和伊丽莎白的问题，尤其是后者，其连接她知道至少和她观察到的Collins夫人是个很有教养、很标致的姑娘。在不同的时候，她问她有多少姐妹，不管他们年龄比她大还是比她小，他们当中有没有人可能结婚，他们是否英俊，他们受过什么教育，她父亲养什么样的马车，她母亲的娘家姓是什么？伊丽莎白觉得她所有的问题无礼但还是心平气和地回答了他。Lady Catherine接着观察到，
“Your father’s estate is entailed on Mr. Collins, I think. For your sake,”   turning to Charlotte, “I am glad of it; but otherwise I see no occasion   for entailing estates from the female line. It was not thought necessary   in Sir Lewis de Bourgh’s family. Do you play and sing, Miss Bennet?”
“我想你父亲的财产由Collins先生继承。”。因为你的缘故，”转向夏洛特，“我很高兴；但我不用去面对地产从女线。这是不是Lewis de Bourgh先生的家人进行必要的思考。Bennet小姐，你会唱歌吗？“
“A little.”
“一点点。”
“Oh! then—some time or other we shall be happy to hear you. Our   instrument is a capital one, probably superior to——You shall   try it some day. Do your sisters play and sing?”
“哦！有时我们会很高兴听到你的声音。我们的仪器是大写的，可能比你的要好，你可以试一下。你的姐妹们会唱歌吗？“
“One of them does.”
“他们中的一个这样做了。”
“Why did not you all learn? You ought all to have learned. The Miss Webbs   all play, and their father has not so good an income as yours. Do you   draw?”
“你们为什么都不学习？”你们都应该学会的。Webbs小姐都玩，和他们的父亲有没有你的好收入。你画画吗？“
“No, not at all.”
“不，一点也不。”
“What, none of you?”
“什么，你们都没有？“
“Not one.”
“一个也没有。”
“That is very strange. But I suppose you had no opportunity. Your mother   should have taken you to town every spring for the benefit of masters.”
“那很奇怪。但我想你没有机会。你母亲应该每年春天带你去城里，为了主人的利益。”
“My mother would have had no objection, but my father hates London.”
“我母亲本来不反对，但我父亲讨厌伦敦。”
“Has your governess left you?”
“你的女家庭教师离开你了吗？”“
“We never had any governess.”
“我们从来没有过家庭教师。”
“No governess! How was that possible? Five daughters brought up at home   without a governess! I never heard of such a thing. Your mother must have   been quite a slave to your education.”
“没有家庭教师！怎么可能呢？家里生了五个女儿，没有女教师！我从没听说过这样的事。你母亲一定是你教育的奴隶。”
Elizabeth could hardly help smiling as she assured her that had not been   the case.
当伊丽莎白向她保证情况并非如此时，她几乎忍不住笑了起来。
“Then, who taught you? who attended to you? Without a governess, you must   have been neglected.”
“那么，是谁教你的？谁照顾你？没有家庭教师，你一定是被忽视了。
“Compared with some families, I believe we were; but such of us as wished   to learn never wanted the means. We were always encouraged to read, and   had all the masters that were necessary. Those who chose to be idle,   certainly might.”
“与一些家庭相比，我相信我们是这样的，但我们这些想学的人从来都不想办法。”。我们总是被鼓励阅读，掌握所有必要的知识。那些选择无所事事的人当然可以。
“Aye, no doubt; but that is what a governess will prevent, and if I had   known your mother, I should have advised her most strenuously to engage   one. I always say that nothing is to be done in education without steady   and regular instruction, and nobody but a governess can give it. It is   wonderful how many families I have been the means of supplying in that   way. I am always glad to get a young person well placed out. Four nieces   of Mrs. Jenkinson are most delightfully situated through my means; and it   was but the other day that I recommended another young person, who was   merely accidentally mentioned to me, and the family are quite delighted   with her. Mrs. Collins, did I tell you of Lady Metcalf’s calling yesterday   to thank me? She finds Miss Pope a treasure. ‘Lady Catherine,’ said she,   ‘you have given me a treasure.’ Are any of your younger sisters out, Miss   Bennet?”
“是的，毫无疑问，但那是家庭教师所能阻止的，如果我认识你母亲，我应该劝她最努力地去做一件事。”。我常说，没有稳定而有规律的指导，教育就不能做任何事，只有家庭教师才能给予教育。真是太好了，有多少个家庭一直是我的供应方式。我总是很高兴能把一个年轻人安置好。詹金森夫人的四个侄女最傲然坐落在我的手段；它是我推荐的另一个年轻人，一天，他只是无意中向我提到，和家人对她非常满意。Collins太太，我有没有告诉你Lady Metcalf昨天打电话来感谢我？她发现Pope小姐是一个宝贝。“凯瑟琳夫人，”她说，“你给了我一个宝贝。”你的妹妹们都出去了吗，Bennet小姐？“
“Yes, ma’am, all.”
“是的，夫人，一切都好。”
“All! What, all five out at once? Very odd! And you only the second. The   younger ones out before the elder ones are married! Your younger sisters   must be very young?”
“所有的！什么，五个马上出来？很奇怪！而你只有第二个。年轻的人在长辈结婚前离开！你的妹妹一定很年轻吧？“
“Yes, my youngest is not sixteen. Perhaps she is full young to be   much in company. But really, ma’am, I think it would be very hard upon   younger sisters, that they should not have their share of society and   amusement, because the elder may not have the means or inclination to   marry early. The last-born has as good a right to the pleasures of youth   as the first. And to be kept back on such a motive! I think it   would not be very likely to promote sisterly affection or delicacy of   mind.”
“是的，我最小的不是十六岁。也许她很年轻，能和她在一起。但真的，夫人，我想对妹妹们来说，她们不应该有社会和娱乐的机会是很困难的，因为长辈可能没有早婚的手段和意愿。最后一个生来就有权享受青春的乐趣。而被挡在这样一个动机上！我认为这不会促进姐妹感情细腻的心灵很有可能。”
“Upon my word,” said her ladyship, “you give your opinion very decidedly   for so young a person. Pray, what is your age?”
“我说，”夫人说，“你给你的意见很显然对于这么年轻的人。请问你的年龄是多少？“
“With three younger sisters grown up,” replied Elizabeth, smiling, “your   ladyship can hardly expect me to own it.”
“三个妹妹都长大了，”伊丽莎白说，面带微笑，“夫人你可别指望我拥有它。”
Lady Catherine seemed quite astonished at not receiving a direct answer;   and Elizabeth suspected herself to be the first creature who had ever   dared to trifle with so much dignified impertinence.
Lady Catherine似乎很惊讶，不接收直接回答；伊丽莎白怀疑自己是第一个家伙谁敢玩弄这么多高贵的无礼。
“You cannot be more than twenty, I am sure, therefore you need not conceal   your age.”
“你不可能超过二十岁，我敢肯定，所以你不必隐瞒你的年龄。”
“I am not one-and-twenty.”
“我不是一个人和二十个人。”
When the gentlemen had joined them, and tea was over, the card-tables were   placed. Lady Catherine, Sir William, and Mr. and Mrs. Collins sat down to   quadrille; and as Miss de Bourgh chose to play at cassino, the two girls   had the honour of assisting Mrs. Jenkinson to make up her party. Their   table was superlatively stupid. Scarcely a syllable was uttered that did   not relate to the game, except when Mrs. Jenkinson expressed her fears of   Miss de Bourgh’s being too hot or too cold, or having too much or too   little light. A great deal more passed at the other table. Lady Catherine   was generally speaking—stating the mistakes of the three others, or   relating some anecdote of herself. Mr. Collins was employed in agreeing to   everything her ladyship said, thanking her for every fish he won, and   apologising if he thought he won too many. Sir William did not say much.   He was storing his memory with anecdotes and noble names.
当先生们和他们一起，茶结束，卡片表被放置。Lady Catherine，威廉先生，Collins先生和太太坐下来戏；和de Bourgh小姐选择了玩卡西诺，两个女孩曾协助詹金森太太给她凑足了荣誉。他们的表是无比愚蠢。就没有一句话不是在游戏中，除了詹金森夫人de Bourgh女士表示，她担心太冷或太热，或者太亮或太少。另一张桌子上传来了许多东西。Lady Catherine一般说的是三个人的错误，或者说她自己的一些轶事。Collins先生在同意一切夫人说，感谢她为他赢得了所有的鱼，并道歉，如果他认为他赢得太多。威廉爵士没说什么。他用轶事和高尚的名字来储存他的记忆。
When Lady Catherine and her daughter had played as long as they chose, the   tables were broken up, the carriage was offered to Mrs. Collins,   gratefully accepted and immediately ordered. The party then gathered round   the fire to hear Lady Catherine determine what weather they were to have   on the morrow. From these instructions they were summoned by the arrival   of the coach; and with many speeches of thankfulness on Mr. Collins’s side   and as many bows on Sir William’s they departed. As soon as they had   driven from the door, Elizabeth was called on by her cousin to give her   opinion of all that she had seen at Rosings, which, for Charlotte’s sake,   she made more favourable than it really was. But her commendation, though   costing her some trouble, could by no means satisfy Mr. Collins, and he   was very soon obliged to take her ladyship’s praise into his own hands.
当Lady Catherine和女儿玩了多久，他们就把桌子分开了，马车交给Collins太太，感激地接受了，立即命令。聚会然后聚集在炉火旁听Lady Catherine决定明天天气如何。这说明他们的教练的到来召唤；与Collins先生的许多感激的话，对威廉爵士的他们离开了很多人。只要他们赶出了门，伊丽莎白被她的表弟给她的意见，她看到罗新斯，其中，夏洛特的缘故，她做的很好。但她的称赞，虽然使她有些麻烦，绝不能满足Collins先生，他很快就不得不把夫人的称赞，在自己的手中。
Chapter 30
30章
Sir William stayed only a week at Hunsford, but his visit was long enough   to convince him of his daughter’s being most comfortably settled, and of   her possessing such a husband and such a neighbour as were not often met   with. While Sir William was with them, Mr. Collins devoted his morning to   driving him out in his gig, and showing him the country; but when he went   away, the whole family returned to their usual employments, and Elizabeth   was thankful to find that they did not see more of her cousin by the   alteration, for the chief of the time between breakfast and dinner was now   passed by him either at work in the garden or in reading and writing, and   looking out of the window in his own book-room, which fronted the road.   The room in which the ladies sat was backwards. Elizabeth had at first   rather wondered that Charlotte should not prefer the dining-parlour for   common use; it was a better sized room, and had a more pleasant aspect;   but she soon saw that her friend had an excellent reason for what she did,   for Mr. Collins would undoubtedly have been much less in his own   apartment, had they sat in one equally lively; and she gave Charlotte   credit for the arrangement.
威廉先生只呆了一周在汉斯福，但他的访问是足够长的时间去说服他，他女儿是最舒服的，和她拥有这样一个丈夫和难能可贵的邻居了。而威廉先生他们，Collins先生把他的早晨驾驶他在他的演出，展示他国；但当他离开时，全家人都回到自己平时的工作，和伊丽莎白很高兴发现他们没有改变更多的看到她的表哥，为早餐晚餐的时间之间的首席现在是由他在花园干活或读写过了，看着窗外在他自己的书的房间，这是路。女士坐的那个房间是向后的。伊丽莎白起初很纳闷，夏洛特不喜欢饭厅共同使用；这是一个更好的大房间，有一个更愉快的方面；但她很快就发现她的朋友为她所做的出色的原因，Collins先生无疑已经在自己的公寓小得多，他们坐在一个同样活泼的；她给夏洛特的信贷安排。
From the drawing-room they could distinguish nothing in the lane, and were   indebted to Mr. Collins for the knowledge of what carriages went along,   and how often especially Miss de Bourgh drove by in her phaeton, which he   never failed coming to inform them of, though it happened almost every   day. She not unfrequently stopped at the Parsonage, and had a few minutes’    conversation with Charlotte, but was scarcely ever prevailed upon to get   out.
从客厅可以在车道区分什么和什么马车沿着知识感激Collins先生，以及如何往往特别是de Bourgh小姐坐在她的马车，他没有哪来通知他们，即使它是几乎每天都。她经常停在牧师，并有几分钟的谈话与夏洛特，但很少有说服出去。
Very few days passed in which Mr. Collins did not walk to Rosings, and not   many in which his wife did not think it necessary to go likewise; and till   Elizabeth recollected that there might be other family livings to be   disposed of, she could not understand the sacrifice of so many hours. Now   and then they were honoured with a call from her ladyship, and nothing   escaped her observation that was passing in the room during these visits.   She examined into their employments, looked at their work, and advised   them to do it differently; found fault with the arrangement of the   furniture; or detected the housemaid in negligence; and if she accepted   any refreshment, seemed to do it only for the sake of finding out that   Mrs. Collins’s joints of meat were too large for her family.
很过了几天，Collins先生没有走Rosings，并不是很多，他的妻子不想去同样是必要的；直到伊丽莎白回忆说，有可能是其他的家庭生活被处理掉，她不明白要牺牲那么多的时间。现在他们被授予从男爵夫人的电话，并没有逃脱她的观察，经过在房间里，在这些访问。她查问他们的日常生活，看着他们的工作，并建议他们做的是不同的；发现故障与家具的布置；或到过失的保姆；如果她接受任何更新，似乎只为发现Collins夫人的部位的肉是她的家人太大的缘故做它。
Elizabeth soon perceived, that though this great lady was not in   commission of the peace of the county, she was a most active magistrate in   her own parish, the minutest concerns of which were carried to her by Mr.   Collins; and whenever any of the cottagers were disposed to be   quarrelsome, discontented, or too poor, she sallied forth into the village   to settle their differences, silence their complaints, and scold them into   harmony and plenty.
伊丽莎白很快就发现，虽然这个伟大的女士不在本县的和平委员会，她在自己的教区最积极的法官，一点点芝麻大的事都由Collins先生报告给她；而每当富勒姆是愿意争吵，不满，或太穷，她冲往村解决了他们的分歧，沉默他们的投诉，并骂他们和谐与丰富。
The entertainment of dining at Rosings was repeated about twice a week;   and, allowing for the loss of Sir William, and there being only one   card-table in the evening, every such entertainment was the counterpart of   the first. Their other engagements were few, as the style of living in the   neighbourhood in general was beyond Mr. Collins’s reach. This, however,   was no evil to Elizabeth, and upon the whole she spent her time   comfortably enough; there were half-hours of pleasant conversation with   Charlotte, and the weather was so fine for the time of year that she had   often great enjoyment out of doors. Her favourite walk, and where she   frequently went while the others were calling on Lady Catherine, was along   the open grove which edged that side of the park, where there was a nice   sheltered path, which no one seemed to value but herself, and where she   felt beyond the reach of Lady Catherine’s curiosity.
餐饮娱乐重复罗新斯大约一周两次；而且，尽管缺少了威廉爵士，并有在晚上只有一桌牌，每一个这样的娱乐是第一个副本。他们的其他活动很少，因为附近的生活方式远远超出了Collins先生的范围。然而，这对伊丽莎白来说并不是什么坏事，总的来说，她过得很舒服，和夏洛特愉快地交谈了半个小时，一年中的天气非常好，所以她经常在户外享受愉快的生活。她最喜欢的散步，以及她经常去，而其他人呼吁Lady Catherine，是沿着开放的树林，边缘的公园，那里有一个良好的庇护路径，没有人似乎重视，但她自己，并在那里她觉得无法达到的凯瑟琳夫人的好奇心。
In this quiet way, the first fortnight of her visit soon passed away.   Easter was approaching, and the week preceding it was to bring an addition   to the family at Rosings, which in so small a circle must be important.   Elizabeth had heard soon after her arrival that Mr. Darcy was expected   there in the course of a few weeks, and though there were not many of her   acquaintances whom she did not prefer, his coming would furnish one   comparatively new to look at in their Rosings parties, and she might be   amused in seeing how hopeless Miss Bingley’s designs on him were, by his   behaviour to his cousin, for whom he was evidently destined by Lady   Catherine, who talked of his coming with the greatest satisfaction, spoke   of him in terms of the highest admiration, and seemed almost angry to find   that he had already been frequently seen by Miss Lucas and herself.
在这安静的路上，她来访的头两个星期很快就过去了。复活节快到了，和之前的一周，这是在罗新斯带来除了家人，在这么一个小圈子一定很重要。伊丽莎白有她的到来，达西先生预计在几周的课程后很快听到了，虽然没有很多她的熟人，她不喜欢，他会提供一个看在罗新斯比较新鲜的人，她可能会觉得你看到绝望的宾利小姐的设计在他身上，他的行为，他的表弟，他显然是注定的Lady Catherine，谁说他最满意的到来，说他在最高的赞赏，并似乎恼怒地发现他已经经常被卢卡斯小姐看到自己。
His arrival was soon known at the Parsonage; for Mr. Collins was walking   the whole morning within view of the lodges opening into Hunsford Lane, in   order to have the earliest assurance of it, and after making his bow as   the carriage turned into the Park, hurried home with the great   intelligence. On the following morning he hastened to Rosings to pay his   respects. There were two nephews of Lady Catherine to require them, for   Mr. Darcy had brought with him a Colonel Fitzwilliam, the younger son of   his uncle Lord ——, and, to the great surprise of all the   party, when Mr. Collins returned, the gentlemen accompanied him. Charlotte   had seen them from her husband’s room, crossing the road, and immediately   running into the other, told the girls what an honour they might expect,   adding:
他的到来是在牧师称很快；Collins先生走了一上午的小屋通往汉斯福巷内，以便尽早获得保证，并在他的弓马车变成了公园，匆匆忙忙赶回家，与大智慧。次日早晨，他急忙向Rosings致意。有两个侄子Lady Catherine的要求，达西先生带来了他的小儿子Fitzwilliam上校，他叔叔的主——，，为所有人吃惊的是，当Collins先生回来了，先生陪着他。夏洛特从丈夫的房间里看到他们，穿过马路，然后立刻跑进另一个房间，告诉女孩们他们可能期待的荣誉：
“I may thank you, Eliza, for this piece of civility. Mr. Darcy would never   have come so soon to wait upon me.”
“付然，为了这件事，我可以谢谢你。”。达西先生不会这么快就来等我的。”
Elizabeth had scarcely time to disclaim all right to the compliment,   before their approach was announced by the door-bell, and shortly   afterwards the three gentlemen entered the room. Colonel Fitzwilliam, who   led the way, was about thirty, not handsome, but in person and address   most truly the gentleman. Mr. Darcy looked just as he had been used to   look in Hertfordshire—paid his compliments, with his usual reserve,   to Mrs. Collins, and whatever might be his feelings toward her friend, met   her with every appearance of composure. Elizabeth merely curtseyed to him   without saying a word.
Elizabeth had scarcely time to disclaim all right to the compliment,   before their approach was announced by the door-bell, and shortly   afterwards the three gentlemen entered the room. Fitzwilliam上校，谁领导的方式，在三十左右，不帅，但人和地址最真正的绅士。达西先生看起来就像他已经习惯了看在赫特福德郡支付他的赞美，与他平时的储备，Collins夫人，不管可能是他对她的朋友的感情，见到她的沉着表现。伊丽莎白只对他行了一个屈膝礼，一句话也不说。
Colonel Fitzwilliam entered into conversation directly with the readiness   and ease of a well-bred man, and talked very pleasantly; but his cousin,   after having addressed a slight observation on the house and garden to   Mrs. Collins, sat for some time without speaking to anybody. At length,   however, his civility was so far awakened as to inquire of Elizabeth after   the health of her family. She answered him in the usual way, and after a   moment’s pause, added:
Fitzwilliam上校的谈话直接进入准备和一个有教养的人轻松，谈得很愉快；但他的表弟，在解决对房子和花园稍微观察Collins夫人后，坐了一段时间没有跟任何人说话。然而，到了最后，他的礼貌已远远地唤醒了伊丽莎白的家人。她用惯常的方式回答了他，停顿了片刻后，又加了一句：
“My eldest sister has been in town these three months. Have you never   happened to see her there?”
“我姐姐已经进城三个月了。你在那儿从没见过她吗？“
She was perfectly sensible that he never had; but she wished to see   whether he would betray any consciousness of what had passed between the   Bingleys and Jane, and she thought he looked a little confused as he   answered that he had never been so fortunate as to meet Miss Bennet. The   subject was pursued no farther, and the gentlemen soon afterwards went   away.
她明明知道他从来没有碰到过；但她想看看他是否会背叛任何意识所的bingleys和简之间传递，她觉得他看上去有点困惑，他说他从来没有那么幸运遇见Bennet小姐。这个话题再也没有发生过，先生们很快就走了。
Chapter 31
31章
Colonel Fitzwilliam’s manners were very much admired at the Parsonage, and   the ladies all felt that he must add considerably to the pleasures of   their engagements at Rosings. It was some days, however, before they   received any invitation thither—for while there were visitors in the   house, they could not be necessary; and it was not till Easter-day, almost   a week after the gentlemen’s arrival, that they were honoured by such an   attention, and then they were merely asked on leaving church to come there   in the evening. For the last week they had seen very little of Lady   Catherine or her daughter. Colonel Fitzwilliam had called at the Parsonage   more than once during the time, but Mr. Darcy they had seen only at   church.
Fitzwilliam上校的举止非常欣赏的牧师，和们都觉得他会大大增加他们的活动在罗新斯的乐趣。这是一天，然而，在他们收到任何邀请去当在家里有客人，他们可能是不必要的；直到复活节，绅士的到来，将近一周后，他们受到如此多的关注，然后他们只是大家离开教堂有在晚上。上星期他们很少见到Lady Catherine或她的女儿。Fitzwilliam上校称，在牧师住宅超过一次，但达西先生他们只看教堂。
The invitation was accepted of course, and at a proper hour they joined   the party in Lady Catherine’s drawing-room. Her ladyship received them   civilly, but it was plain that their company was by no means so acceptable   as when she could get nobody else; and she was, in fact, almost engrossed   by her nephews, speaking to them, especially to Darcy, much more than to   any other person in the room.
当然，请柬被接受了，在适当的时候，他们在Lady Catherine的客厅里参加了聚会。夫人收到了交流，但很明显，他们公司绝不接受当她能得到别人；她，事实上，几乎占用了她的侄子，他们说话，尤其是达西，更比任何其他人在房间里。
Colonel Fitzwilliam seemed really glad to see them; anything was a welcome   relief to him at Rosings; and Mrs. Collins’s pretty friend had moreover   caught his fancy very much. He now seated himself by her, and talked so   agreeably of Kent and Hertfordshire, of travelling and staying at home, of   new books and music, that Elizabeth had never been half so well   entertained in that room before; and they conversed with so much spirit   and flow, as to draw the attention of Lady Catherine herself, as well as   of Mr. Darcy. His eyes had been soon and repeatedly turned towards   them with a look of curiosity; and that her ladyship, after a while,   shared the feeling, was more openly acknowledged, for she did not scruple   to call out:
Fitzwilliam上校似乎真的很高兴看到他们；什么是一个值得欢迎的救济罗新斯给他；Collins太太的漂亮朋友更使他十分喜欢。他就坐到她，而且谈得十分郡和赫特福德郡，旅行和呆在家里，新的书籍和音乐，伊丽莎白从来没有受到过这样的款待在房间里；他们同那么多精神和流动，以引起Lady Catherine本人的关注，以及作为达西先生。他的眼睛已经快和反复对着他们一脸好奇；和夫人，一段时间后，分享的感觉，更是公开承认，她毫不犹豫地叫出来：
“What is that you are saying, Fitzwilliam? What is it you are talking of?   What are you telling Miss Bennet? Let me hear what it is.”
“你们说的是什么Fitzwilliam？你在说什么？你在跟Bennet小姐说什么？让我听听是什么。
“We are speaking of music, madam,” said he, when no longer able to avoid a   reply.
“我们说的是音乐，夫人，”他说，因为再也无法避免回答了。
“Of music! Then pray speak aloud. It is of all subjects my delight. I must   have my share in the conversation if you are speaking of music. There are   few people in England, I suppose, who have more true enjoyment of music   than myself, or a better natural taste. If I had ever learnt, I should   have been a great proficient. And so would Anne, if her health had allowed   her to apply. I am confident that she would have performed delightfully.   How does Georgiana get on, Darcy?”
“音乐”！然后祈祷大声说出来。这是我最喜欢的科目。如果你谈到音乐，我必须和你分享我的谈话。我想在英国很少有人比我自己更喜欢音乐，或者更喜欢自然的味道。如果我曾经学过，我应该是一个伟大的专家。安妮也会这样做，如果她的健康状况允许她去申请的话。我相信她会表现地。Georgiana怎样，达西？“
Mr. Darcy spoke with affectionate praise of his sister’s proficiency.
达西先生深情地称赞他姐姐的熟练程度。
“I am very glad to hear such a good account of her,” said Lady Catherine;   “and pray tell her from me, that she cannot expect to excel if she does   not practice a good deal.”
“我很高兴听到她这么好的叙述，”Lady Catherine说，“请你告诉我，如果她不好好练习，就不能指望她能出类拔萃。”
“I assure you, madam,” he replied, “that she does not need such advice.   She practises very constantly.”
“我向你保证，夫人，”他回答说，“她不需要这样的劝告。她经常练习。
“So much the better. It cannot be done too much; and when I next write to   her, I shall charge her not to neglect it on any account. I often tell   young ladies that no excellence in music is to be acquired without   constant practice. I have told Miss Bennet several times, that she will   never play really well unless she practises more; and though Mrs. Collins   has no instrument, she is very welcome, as I have often told her, to come   to Rosings every day, and play on the pianoforte in Mrs. Jenkinson’s room.   She would be in nobody’s way, you know, in that part of the house.”
“好多了。不可能做得太多；当我下次写信给她时，我将嘱咐她无论如何不要忽视它。我经常告诉年轻的女士，音乐的优秀不需要不断的练习。我已经告诉Bennet小姐好几次，她永远不会好到除非她再多练习练习；虽然Collins太太没有仪器，她很受欢迎，我经常告诉她，来这里的每一天，并对詹金森夫人的房间里的钢琴。你知道，在房子的那一部分，她不会有任何地位的。”
Mr. Darcy looked a little ashamed of his aunt’s ill-breeding, and made no   answer.
达西先生看上去有点羞于他姑妈的教养，没有回答。
When coffee was over, Colonel Fitzwilliam reminded Elizabeth of having   promised to play to him; and she sat down directly to the instrument. He   drew a chair near her. Lady Catherine listened to half a song, and then   talked, as before, to her other nephew; till the latter walked away from   her, and making with his usual deliberation towards the pianoforte   stationed himself so as to command a full view of the fair performer’s   countenance. Elizabeth saw what he was doing, and at the first convenient   pause, turned to him with an arch smile, and said:
喝过了咖啡，Fitzwilliam上校想起曾答应他做伊丽莎白；她直接坐到仪器。他在她旁边画了一把椅子。Lady Catherine听了半首歌，然后说，之前，她的侄子；直到后者离开她，和他对钢琴的制作通常审议驻扎以演奏者的美丽的面容全视图。伊丽莎白看到了他正在做的事情，在第一次方便的停顿时，转过身来，脸上露出了笑容：
“You mean to frighten me, Mr. Darcy, by coming in all this state to hear   me? I will not be alarmed though your sister does play so well.   There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at   the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate   me.”
“你是想吓唬我，达西先生，来这儿听我讲话吗？”你妹妹玩得这么好，我可不怕。我有一种固执，决不能忍受别人的意志。每当我想恐吓我时，我总是鼓起勇气。”
“I shall not say you are mistaken,” he replied, “because you could not   really believe me to entertain any design of alarming you; and I have had   the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough to know that you find great   enjoyment in occasionally professing opinions which in fact are not your   own.”
“我不会说你错了，”他回答说，“因为你不会真以为我有意吓你你；我有幸认识你们的足够长的时间来知道你发现偶尔自称这其实并不是你自己的意见很大的乐趣。”
Elizabeth laughed heartily at this picture of herself, and said to Colonel   Fitzwilliam, “Your cousin will give you a very pretty notion of me, and   teach you not to believe a word I say. I am particularly unlucky in   meeting with a person so able to expose my real character, in a part of   the world where I had hoped to pass myself off with some degree of credit.   Indeed, Mr. Darcy, it is very ungenerous in you to mention all that you   knew to my disadvantage in Hertfordshire—and, give me leave to say,   very impolitic too—for it is provoking me to retaliate, and such   things may come out as will shock your relations to hear.”
伊丽莎白大笑这张自己的照片，并说Fitzwilliam上校，“你表哥给你我一个很漂亮的概念，并教你不相信我说的话。我特别不幸地遇到了一个能够揭露我真实性格的人，在世界的某个地方，我曾希望自己能获得某种程度的信任。事实上，达西先生，在你说你知道我在赫特福德郡的缺点是很小气的，给我留言说，这太失策的是引起我的报复心，这样的事情可能是会冲击你的关系去听。”
“I am not afraid of you,” said he, smilingly.
“我不怕你，”他笑着说。
“Pray let me hear what you have to accuse him of,” cried Colonel   Fitzwilliam. “I should like to know how he behaves among strangers.”
“请让我听听你的指责他，”Fitzwilliam上校叫道。“我想知道他在陌生人中间是怎么表现的。”
“You shall hear then—but prepare yourself for something very   dreadful. The first time of my ever seeing him in Hertfordshire, you must   know, was at a ball—and at this ball, what do you think he did? He   danced only four dances, though gentlemen were scarce; and, to my certain   knowledge, more than one young lady was sitting down in want of a partner.   Mr. Darcy, you cannot deny the fact.”
“你会听到的，但你要为可怕的事情做好准备。”。我曾经看到他在赫特福德郡的第一次，你必须知道，在一个球，这个球，你认为他会做什么？他只跳了四次舞，虽然男士很稀少，而且据我所知，不止一个年轻的女士坐在那里想要一个舞伴。达西先生，你不能否认这一事实。”
“I had not at that time the honour of knowing any lady in the assembly   beyond my own party.”
“那时，我还没有荣幸地认识到除了我自己的政党之外的大会上的任何一位女士。”
“True; and nobody can ever be introduced in a ball-room. Well, Colonel   Fitzwilliam, what do I play next? My fingers wait your orders.”
“是的，没有人能在舞厅里被介绍。”。嗯，Fitzwilliam上校，我怎么玩呢？我的手指等着你的命令。”
“Perhaps,” said Darcy, “I should have judged better, had I sought an   introduction; but I am ill-qualified to recommend myself to strangers.”
“也许吧，”达西说，“如果我找介绍的话，我本来应该做得更好的，但我没有资格向陌生人推荐我自己。”
“Shall we ask your cousin the reason of this?” said Elizabeth, still   addressing Colonel Fitzwilliam. “Shall we ask him why a man of sense and   education, and who has lived in the world, is ill qualified to recommend   himself to strangers?”
“我们问问你表兄这个原因好吗？”“伊丽莎白说，仍向Fitzwilliam上校。“我们要问他，为什么一个有理智、有教育、有生活在这个世界上的人，没有资格向陌生人推荐自己呢？“
“I can answer your question,” said Fitzwilliam, “without applying to him.   It is because he will not give himself the trouble.”
“我可以回答你的问题，”Fitzwilliam说，“他没有申请。那是因为他不会给自己添麻烦。”
“I certainly have not the talent which some people possess,” said Darcy,   “of conversing easily with those I have never seen before. I cannot catch   their tone of conversation, or appear interested in their concerns, as I   often see done.”
“我确实没有某些人拥有的才能，”达西说，“很容易与我以前从未见过的人交谈。”。我无法理解他们的谈话语气，或对他们的关注感兴趣，这是我经常看到的。
“My fingers,” said Elizabeth, “do not move over this instrument in the   masterly manner which I see so many women’s do. They have not the same   force or rapidity, and do not produce the same expression. But then I have   always supposed it to be my own fault—because I will not take the   trouble of practising. It is not that I do not believe my fingers   as capable as any other woman’s of superior execution.”
“我的手指，”伊丽莎白说，“不要像我看到的那么多女人那样，以巧妙的方式移动这个工具。它们没有相同的力或速度，也不能产生相同的表达。但我一直认为这是我自己的错，因为我不愿意去练习。这并不是说我不相信我的手指和其他女人一样能干。
Darcy smiled and said, “You are perfectly right. You have employed your   time much better. No one admitted to the privilege of hearing you can   think anything wanting. We neither of us perform to strangers.”
达西笑着说：“你完全正确。你把时间利用得更好了。没有人承认有特权听你认为什么都不想要。我们两个都不向陌生人表演。”
Here they were interrupted by Lady Catherine, who called out to know what   they were talking of. Elizabeth immediately began playing again. Lady   Catherine approached, and, after listening for a few minutes, said to   Darcy:
在这里，他们被Lady Catherine打断了，他大声喊着知道他们在说什么。伊丽莎白立刻又开始弹起来了。凯瑟琳夫人走了过来，听了几分钟后，对达西说：
“Miss Bennet would not play at all amiss if she practised more, and could   have the advantage of a London master. She has a very good notion of   fingering, though her taste is not equal to Anne’s. Anne would have been a   delightful performer, had her health allowed her to learn.”
“如果Bennet小姐多练习一点，就会有一个伦敦大师的优势，那她就一点也不打了。”。她有一个很好的指法概念，虽然她的品味并不等于安妮的。安妮会是一个令人愉快的表演者，她的健康让她学习。
Elizabeth looked at Darcy to see how cordially he assented to his cousin’s   praise; but neither at that moment nor at any other could she discern any   symptom of love; and from the whole of his behaviour to Miss de Bourgh she   derived this comfort for Miss Bingley, that he might have been just as   likely to marry her, had she been his relation.
伊丽莎白看着达西看到亲切他同意他表弟的赞美；但也在那一刻，也不在其他任何她能分辨出任何症状的爱；从他的行为整体de Bourgh小姐，她得到这舒适的宾利小姐，他可能会娶她，有她被他的关系。
Lady Catherine continued her remarks on Elizabeth’s performance, mixing   with them many instructions on execution and taste. Elizabeth received   them with all the forbearance of civility, and, at the request of the   gentlemen, remained at the instrument till her ladyship’s carriage was   ready to take them all home.
Lady Catherine继续谈到伊丽莎白的表演，与他们混合了许多关于执行和品味的指示。伊丽莎白收到他们的所有礼貌、忍耐，在先生们的要求，保持在仪器到夫人的马车正准备把他们所有的家。
Chapter 32
32章
Elizabeth was sitting by herself the next morning, and writing to Jane   while Mrs. Collins and Maria were gone on business into the village, when   she was startled by a ring at the door, the certain signal of a visitor.   As she had heard no carriage, she thought it not unlikely to be Lady   Catherine, and under that apprehension was putting away her half-finished   letter that she might escape all impertinent questions, when the door   opened, and, to her very great surprise, Mr. Darcy, and Mr. Darcy only,   entered the room.
第二天早上，伊丽莎白独自坐在那里，写信给简，Collins太太和玛丽亚去村里办事，这时她被门上的一个戒指吓了一跳，是客人的某种信号。她并没有听到马车声，她以为那不可能是Lady Catherine，在那恐惧正把她一半的信，她可能会逃避所有的不相关的问题，这时门开了，而且，她非常吃惊的是，达西先生，达西先生，进入房间。
He seemed astonished too on finding her alone, and apologised for his   intrusion by letting her know that he had understood all the ladies were   to be within.
他似乎也很惊讶地发现她独自一人，并向他道歉，让她知道他知道所有的女人都在里面。
They then sat down, and when her inquiries after Rosings were made, seemed   in danger of sinking into total silence. It was absolutely necessary,   therefore, to think of something, and in this emergence recollecting when   she had seen him last in Hertfordshire, and feeling curious to know what   he would say on the subject of their hasty departure, she observed:
然后他们坐了下来，当她打听Rosings了，似乎有危险陷入完全的沉默。这是绝对必要的，因此，想的东西，在这出现回忆当她看到他去年在赫特福德郡，感觉很好奇想知道他会说什么在他们匆忙离开的话题，她说：
“How very suddenly you all quitted Netherfield last November, Mr. Darcy!   It must have been a most agreeable surprise to Mr. Bingley to see you all   after him so soon; for, if I recollect right, he went but the day before.   He and his sisters were well, I hope, when you left London?”
“怎么突然你们离开尼日斐花园去年十一月，达西先生！宾利先生这么快就见到你们大家，一定是非常惊喜的事，因为如果我没记错的话，他前天就去了。我希望，当你离开伦敦时，他和他的姐妹们都很好？“
“Perfectly so, I thank you.”
“完全正确，我谢谢你。”
She found that she was to receive no other answer, and, after a short   pause added:
她发现她没有得到其他的回答，停顿了片刻后又加了一句：
“I think I have understood that Mr. Bingley has not much idea of ever   returning to Netherfield again?”
“我想我已经明白，宾利先生已经不打算再回到Netherfield来？“
“I have never heard him say so; but it is probable that he may spend very   little of his time there in the future. He has many friends, and is at a   time of life when friends and engagements are continually increasing.”
“我从来没听他这么说过，但将来他可能很少在那里呆上一段时间。”。他有很多朋友，在朋友和约会不断增加的时候，他正处于生活中。
“If he means to be but little at Netherfield, it would be better for the   neighbourhood that he should give up the place entirely, for then we might   possibly get a settled family there. But, perhaps, Mr. Bingley did not   take the house so much for the convenience of the neighbourhood as for his   own, and we must expect him to keep it or quit it on the same principle.”
“如果他不在Netherfield，这将是更好的邻居说他应该放弃完全发生，那么我们就可能得到一个稳定的家庭有。但是，也许宾利先生并不是为了方便邻里而为了自己的利益而把房子拿了下来，我们必须指望他能保留它，或是以同样的原则放弃它。
“I should not be surprised,” said Darcy, “if he were to give it up as soon   as any eligible purchase offers.”
“我不应该感到惊讶，”达西说，“如果他能尽快放弃任何符合条件的收购要约。”
Elizabeth made no answer. She was afraid of talking longer of his friend;   and, having nothing else to say, was now determined to leave the trouble   of finding a subject to him.
伊丽莎白没有回答。她害怕和他的朋友谈得更久；他没有别的话要说，现在决心不给他找个话题。
He took the hint, and soon began with, “This seems a very comfortable   house. Lady Catherine, I believe, did a great deal to it when Mr. Collins   first came to Hunsford.”
他接受了暗示，很快就开始说：“这房子看起来很舒适。Lady Catherine，我相信，做了一个很大的的时候，Collins先生第一次来到Hunsford。”
“I believe she did—and I am sure she could not have bestowed her   kindness on a more grateful object.”
“我相信她是这样做的，我相信她不可能把她的仁慈赐予一个更感激的对象。”
“Mr. Collins appears to be very fortunate in his choice of a wife.”
“Collins先生似乎很幸运，他选择了一个妻子。”
“Yes, indeed, his friends may well rejoice in his having met with one of   the very few sensible women who would have accepted him, or have made him   happy if they had. My friend has an excellent understanding—though I   am not certain that I consider her marrying Mr. Collins as the wisest   thing she ever did. She seems perfectly happy, however, and in a   prudential light it is certainly a very good match for her.”
“是的，的确，他的朋友们可能会很高兴，因为他遇到了一个极少数明智的妇女谁会接受他，或使他高兴，如果他们有。我的朋友有很好的理解，尽管我不确定我是否认为她嫁给Collins先生是她做过的最明智的事。然而，她似乎非常高兴，在谨慎的心情下，这对她无疑是一个很好的匹配。”
“It must be very agreeable for her to be settled within so easy a distance   of her own family and friends.”
“对她来说，在她自己的家人和朋友之间轻松相处是很惬意的。”
“An easy distance, do you call it? It is nearly fifty miles.”
“距离很近，你叫它吗？”差不多有五十英里了。
“And what is fifty miles of good road? Little more than half a day’s   journey. Yes, I call it a very easy distance.”
“五十英里的好路是什么？”半天多一点的路程。是的，我叫它很容易的距离。
“I should never have considered the distance as one of the advantages   of the match,” cried Elizabeth. “I should never have said Mrs. Collins was   settled near her family.”
“我不应该把距离看作是比赛的优势之一，”伊丽莎白喊道。“我本不该说Collins太太在她家附近定居。”
“It is a proof of your own attachment to Hertfordshire. Anything beyond   the very neighbourhood of Longbourn, I suppose, would appear far.”
“这是一个证明自己附着到赫特福德郡。我想在Longbourn附近，非常的话，会出现为止。”
As he spoke there was a sort of smile which Elizabeth fancied she   understood; he must be supposing her to be thinking of Jane and   Netherfield, and she blushed as she answered:
他说有一种笑容，伊丽莎白觉得她理解；他一定以为她想简和Netherfield，和她红了脸说：
“I do not mean to say that a woman may not be settled too near her family.   The far and the near must be relative, and depend on many varying   circumstances. Where there is fortune to make the expenses of travelling   unimportant, distance becomes no evil. But that is not the case here.   Mr. and Mrs. Collins have a comfortable income, but not such a one as will   allow of frequent journeys—and I am persuaded my friend would not   call herself near her family under less than half the   present distance.”
我并不是说一个女人不可能和她家太近。远与近必须是相对的，取决于许多不同的情况。有钱能使旅行花费不重要，距离就不再邪恶。但事实并非如此。Collins先生和夫人的收入很宽裕，但不允许经常旅行，我相信我的朋友不会在距离目前不到一半的时间里把自己叫做她家附近的人。
Mr. Darcy drew his chair a little towards her, and said, “You   cannot have a right to such very strong local attachment. You   cannot have been always at Longbourn.”
达西先生把椅子拉过来，对她说：“你无权拥有如此强烈的本地依恋。你不可能一直在Longbourn。”
Elizabeth looked surprised. The gentleman experienced some change of   feeling; he drew back his chair, took a newspaper from the table, and   glancing over it, said, in a colder voice:
伊丽莎白看起来很惊讶。这位绅士感觉有些变化，他拉开椅子，从桌上拿起一张报纸，看了一眼，用一种更冷的声音说：
“Are you pleased with Kent?”
“你对肯特满意吗？”“
A short dialogue on the subject of the country ensued, on either side calm   and concise—and soon put an end to by the entrance of Charlotte and   her sister, just returned from her walk. The tete-a-tete surprised them.   Mr. Darcy related the mistake which had occasioned his intruding on Miss   Bennet, and after sitting a few minutes longer without saying much to   anybody, went away.
一个简短的关于这个国家的对话随后在双方平静和简洁，很快就结束了夏洛特和她的妹妹，刚刚从她的步行回来的入口。他们惊讶的对话。达西先生曾给他的相关闯入Bennet小姐的错误，和坐了几分钟没有多说任何人后，就走了。
“What can be the meaning of this?” said Charlotte, as soon as he was gone.   “My dear, Eliza, he must be in love with you, or he would never have   called us in this familiar way.”
“这是什么意思？夏洛特一走，他就说。“亲爱的，付然，他一定是爱上你了，否则他就不会用这种熟悉的方式给我们打电话了。”
But when Elizabeth told of his silence, it did not seem very likely, even   to Charlotte’s wishes, to be the case; and after various conjectures, they   could at last only suppose his visit to proceed from the difficulty of   finding anything to do, which was the more probable from the time of year.   All field sports were over. Within doors there was Lady Catherine, books,   and a billiard-table, but gentlemen cannot always be within doors; and in   the nearness of the Parsonage, or the pleasantness of the walk to it, or   of the people who lived in it, the two cousins found a temptation from   this period of walking thither almost every day. They called at various   times of the morning, sometimes separately, sometimes together, and now   and then accompanied by their aunt. It was plain to them all that Colonel   Fitzwilliam came because he had pleasure in their society, a persuasion   which of course recommended him still more; and Elizabeth was reminded by   her own satisfaction in being with him, as well as by his evident   admiration of her, of her former favourite George Wickham; and though, in   comparing them, she saw there was less captivating softness in Colonel   Fitzwilliam’s manners, she believed he might have the best informed mind.
但是，当伊丽莎白讲述了他的沉默时，似乎不太可能，甚至夏洛特的愿望，是这样的；经过各种猜测，他们最终只能认为他的访问是从寻找任何事情的困难开始的，这是从一年中更可能发生的。所有田赛都结束了。在家有Lady Catherine，书，和一个台球桌，但先生们总是不能在门；在住宅附近，或走到它身边，或生活在其中的人们，两兄弟发现这段步行到那里几乎每天都有一种诱惑。他们在早晨的不同时间打电话，有时分开，有时在一起，不时地伴随着他们的姑妈。很显然他们的一切，Fitzwilliam上校是因为他在他们的社会中快乐，劝导，当然推荐他更多；伊丽莎白提醒自己满意的陪伴他，以及他显然爱慕她，她以前最喜欢的George Wickham；不过，比较起来，她看到有那么温柔迷人的上校Fitzwilliam的举止，她相信他会有明智的头脑。
But why Mr. Darcy came so often to the Parsonage, it was more difficult to   understand. It could not be for society, as he frequently sat there ten   minutes together without opening his lips; and when he did speak, it   seemed the effect of necessity rather than of choice—a sacrifice to   propriety, not a pleasure to himself. He seldom appeared really animated.   Mrs. Collins knew not what to make of him. Colonel Fitzwilliam’s   occasionally laughing at his stupidity, proved that he was generally   different, which her own knowledge of him could not have told her; and as   she would liked to have believed this change the effect of love, and the   object of that love her friend Eliza, she set herself seriously to work to   find it out. She watched him whenever they were at Rosings, and whenever   he came to Hunsford; but without much success. He certainly looked at her   friend a great deal, but the expression of that look was disputable. It   was an earnest, steadfast gaze, but she often doubted whether there were   much admiration in it, and sometimes it seemed nothing but absence of   mind.
但为什么达西先生常到牧师，这是更难理解。它不能为社会、为他经常坐在那里十分钟不打开他的嘴唇；而当他说话的时候，似乎必要的效果而不是选择一个祭祀礼仪，没有自己的喜悦。他很少出现真正的动画。Collins太太不知道该如何对待他。Fitzwilliam上校的偶尔嘲笑他的愚蠢，证明了他是不同的，这是她自己的知识，他不可能对她说；当她愿意相信这爱的改变的影响，而对象就是她朋友付然，她细心地找到工作了。她看着他，每当他们在罗新斯，每当他来到汉斯福；但不成功。他的确很欣赏她的朋友，但那种表情却很有争议。这是一个认真而坚定的凝视，但她常常怀疑是否有太多的赞美，有时似乎只有心灵的缺失。
She had once or twice suggested to Elizabeth the possibility of his being   partial to her, but Elizabeth always laughed at the idea; and Mrs. Collins   did not think it right to press the subject, from the danger of raising   expectations which might only end in disappointment; for in her opinion it   admitted not of a doubt, that all her friend’s dislike would vanish, if   she could suppose him to be in her power.
她有一次或两次向伊丽莎白建议他可能倾心于她，可是伊丽莎白总是一笑置之；和Collins太太不想按主体权利，从预期的提高可能只落得一个失望的危险；在她看来，承认没有疑问，所有她朋友的喜欢会消失，如果她认为他是她的力量。
In her kind schemes for Elizabeth, she sometimes planned her marrying   Colonel Fitzwilliam. He was beyond comparison the most pleasant man; he   certainly admired her, and his situation in life was most eligible; but,   to counterbalance these advantages, Mr. Darcy had considerable patronage   in the church, and his cousin could have none at all.
在她的方案伊丽莎白，有时候也打算把她嫁给Fitzwilliam上校。他是最不讨人喜欢的人；他当然崇拜她，他在生活中的处境最有资格；但是，为了平衡这些优势，达西先生在教堂里有相当多的赞助，而他的堂兄弟却一点也不拥有。
Chapter 33
33章
More than once did Elizabeth, in her ramble within the park, unexpectedly   meet Mr. Darcy. She felt all the perverseness of the mischance that should   bring him where no one else was brought, and, to prevent its ever   happening again, took care to inform him at first that it was a favourite   haunt of hers. How it could occur a second time, therefore, was very odd!   Yet it did, and even a third. It seemed like wilful ill-nature, or a   voluntary penance, for on these occasions it was not merely a few formal   inquiries and an awkward pause and then away, but he actually thought it   necessary to turn back and walk with her. He never said a great deal, nor   did she give herself the trouble of talking or of listening much; but it   struck her in the course of their third rencontre that he was asking some   odd unconnected questions—about her pleasure in being at Hunsford,   her love of solitary walks, and her opinion of Mr. and Mrs. Collins’s   happiness; and that in speaking of Rosings and her not perfectly   understanding the house, he seemed to expect that whenever she came into   Kent again she would be staying there too. His words seemed to   imply it. Could he have Colonel Fitzwilliam in his thoughts? She supposed,   if he meant anything, he must mean an allusion to what might arise in that   quarter. It distressed her a little, and she was quite glad to find   herself at the gate in the pales opposite the Parsonage.
伊丽莎白不止一次在公园里漫步，意外地遇见了达西先生。她觉得所有的乖僻的灾难，应该把他那里没有其他人了，并防止其再次发生，注意通知他起初认为是她的最爱去的地方。因此，第二次是怎样发生的，非常奇怪！然而，它做到了，甚至第三。这似乎是故意的坏脾气，或者是一种自愿的忏悔，因为在这种情况下，这不仅仅是一些正式的询问和尴尬的停顿，然后离开了，但他实际上认为有必要回去和她一起散步。他没有说很多，她也没有给自己说话困难或听多了；但它击中了她在第三遭遇的过程，他在汉斯福询问她的快乐一些奇怪的无关的问题，她喜欢独自散步，和她的先生和夫人Collins的幸福观点；，说到Rosings，她不完全理解的房子，他似乎希望每次她到肯特她又将在那里停留过。他的话似乎暗示了这一点。他能在他的思想有Fitzwilliam上校？她想，如果他什么意思，他一定是暗指那一刻可能发生的事。心疼她一点，她很高兴在栅栏对面的住宅门找到自己。
She was engaged one day as she walked, in perusing Jane’s last letter, and   dwelling on some passages which proved that Jane had not written in   spirits, when, instead of being again surprised by Mr. Darcy, she saw on   looking up that Colonel Fitzwilliam was meeting her. Putting away the   letter immediately and forcing a smile, she said:
她正在一天，她走了，在阅读简的最后一封信，和居住在某些段落证明简没有写的精神时，而不是再由达西先生很惊讶，她看到抬头，上校Fitzwilliam遇见她。她说：“马上把信收起来，然后挤出一个微笑。”：
“I did not know before that you ever walked this way.”
“我以前不知道你曾经这样走过。”
“I have been making the tour of the park,” he replied, “as I generally do   every year, and intend to close it with a call at the Parsonage. Are you   going much farther?”
“我一直在公园的旅游，”他说，“我每年都做的一般，并打算关闭它在牧师的电话。你要走得更远吗？“
“No, I should have turned in a moment.”
“不，我应该马上就来。”
And accordingly she did turn, and they walked towards the Parsonage   together.
于是她也转，他们走到牧师在一起。
“Do you certainly leave Kent on Saturday?” said she.
“你肯定星期六离开肯特吗？”她说。
“Yes—if Darcy does not put it off again. But I am at his disposal.   He arranges the business just as he pleases.”
“是的，如果达西不再拖延的话。”。但我随时由他支配。他随心所欲地安排生意。
“And if not able to please himself in the arrangement, he has at least   pleasure in the great power of choice. I do not know anybody who seems   more to enjoy the power of doing what he likes than Mr. Darcy.”
如果不能在安排中取悦自己，他至少会享受到巨大的选择权。我不知道有谁比达西先生更喜欢做自己喜欢做的事。
“He likes to have his own way very well,” replied Colonel Fitzwilliam.   “But so we all do. It is only that he has better means of having it than   many others, because he is rich, and many others are poor. I speak   feelingly. A younger son, you know, must be inured to self-denial and   dependence.”
“他喜欢有自己的生活方式，”Fitzwilliam上校。“但我们都这样做。只有他比其他人拥有更好的手段，因为他富有，而许多人贫穷。我是说的真心话。一个年轻的儿子，你知道，必须习惯于自我否定和依赖。”
“In my opinion, the younger son of an earl can know very little of either.   Now seriously, what have you ever known of self-denial and dependence?   When have you been prevented by want of money from going wherever you   chose, or procuring anything you had a fancy for?”
在我看来，伯爵的小儿子几乎不懂什么。现在严肃地说，你知道什么是自我否定和依赖吗？你是什么时候被钱所诱惑，不去你所选择的地方，或是买你喜欢的东西？“
“These are home questions—and perhaps I cannot say that I have   experienced many hardships of that nature. But in matters of greater   weight, I may suffer from want of money. Younger sons cannot marry where   they like.”
“这些都是家庭问题，也许我不能说我经历过许多困难。”。但在更重的事情上，我可能会因为缺乏钱而受苦。年轻的儿子不能在他们喜欢的地方结婚。”
“Unless where they like women of fortune, which I think they very often   do.”
“除非他们喜欢有钱的女人，我认为她们经常这样做。”
“Our habits of expense make us too dependent, and there are not many in my   rank of life who can afford to marry without some attention to money.”
“我们的消费习惯使我们过于依赖，而在我的生活阶层中没有多少人能够不考虑金钱而结婚。”
“Is this,” thought Elizabeth, “meant for me?” and she coloured at the   idea; but, recovering herself, said in a lively tone, “And pray, what is   the usual price of an earl’s younger son? Unless the elder brother is very   sickly, I suppose you would not ask above fifty thousand pounds.”
“这是吗？”伊丽莎白想，“对我来说是什么意思？”她听到这个想法，脸上充满了色彩；但她恢复了镇静，用活泼的语调说：“祈祷吧，伯爵小儿子的通常价格是多少？”除非哥哥体弱多病，我想你不会要求超过五万磅的。”
He answered her in the same style, and the subject dropped. To interrupt a   silence which might make him fancy her affected with what had passed, she   soon afterwards said:
他以同样的方式回答她，话题也随之落下。她打断了沉默，也许会使她觉得她对所发生的一切感到很不安，随后她说：
“I imagine your cousin brought you down with him chiefly for the sake of   having someone at his disposal. I wonder he does not marry, to secure a   lasting convenience of that kind. But, perhaps, his sister does as well   for the present, and, as she is under his sole care, he may do what he   likes with her.”
“我想你的表弟把你带到他身边，主要是为了让他来照顾他。”。我想知道他是不是为了那种长久的方便而不结婚。但是，也许他妹妹现在也做得很好，只要她照顾他，他就可以做他喜欢的事了。”
“No,” said Colonel Fitzwilliam, “that is an advantage which he must divide   with me. I am joined with him in the guardianship of Miss Darcy.”
“不，”Fitzwilliam上校说，“那是一个优势，他必须把我。我和他一起受达西小姐的监护。”
“Are you indeed? And pray what sort of guardians do you make? Does your   charge give you much trouble? Young ladies of her age are sometimes a   little difficult to manage, and if she has the true Darcy spirit, she may   like to have her own way.”
“你真的吗？祈祷你做什么样的监护人？你的收费会给你带来很多麻烦吗？她这个年龄的年轻女士有时有点难以管理，如果她有真正的达西精神，她可能会喜欢自己的方式。
As she spoke she observed him looking at her earnestly; and the manner in   which he immediately asked her why she supposed Miss Darcy likely to give   them any uneasiness, convinced her that she had somehow or other got   pretty near the truth. She directly replied:
当她说话时，她注意到他在认真地看着她，他立即问她为什么达西小姐会给他们带来任何不安，使她相信她是以某种方式接近真相的。她直接回答：
“You need not be frightened. I never heard any harm of her; and I dare say   she is one of the most tractable creatures in the world. She is a very   great favourite with some ladies of my acquaintance, Mrs. Hurst and Miss   Bingley. I think I have heard you say that you know them.”
“你不必害怕。我从来没有听到过她的伤害，我敢说她是世界上最听话的动物之一。她是我认识的一些女士，Hurst太太和宾利小姐非常喜欢的人。我想我听说过你认识他们。”
“I know them a little. Their brother is a pleasant gentlemanlike man—he   is a great friend of Darcy’s.”
“我认识他们一点点。”。他们的哥哥是一个令人愉快的绅士风度，他是达西的好朋友的。”
“Oh! yes,” said Elizabeth drily; “Mr. Darcy is uncommonly kind to Mr.   Bingley, and takes a prodigious deal of care of him.”
“哦！是的，”Elizabeth drily说；“达西先生是非常善良的宾利先生，以照顾他惊人的交易。”
“Care of him! Yes, I really believe Darcy does take care of him in   those points where he most wants care. From something that he told me in   our journey hither, I have reason to think Bingley very much indebted to   him. But I ought to beg his pardon, for I have no right to suppose that   Bingley was the person meant. It was all conjecture.”
“照顾他！是的，我真的相信达西在他最需要关心的地方照顾他。从我们在这次旅行中他告诉我的事情中，我有理由认为宾利非常感激他。但是我应该请求他的原谅，因为我没有权利认为宾利就是那个人。这都是推测。”
“What is it you mean?”
“你是什么意思？”“
“It is a circumstance which Darcy could not wish to be generally known,   because if it were to get round to the lady’s family, it would be an   unpleasant thing.”
“这是达西不想让人知道的一种情况，因为如果要去见这位女士的家人，那将是件令人不愉快的事。”
“You may depend upon my not mentioning it.”
“你放心好了，我不提这事。”
“And remember that I have not much reason for supposing it to be Bingley.   What he told me was merely this: that he congratulated himself on having   lately saved a friend from the inconveniences of a most imprudent   marriage, but without mentioning names or any other particulars, and I   only suspected it to be Bingley from believing him the kind of young man   to get into a scrape of that sort, and from knowing them to have been   together the whole of last summer.”
“记住，我没有理由认为那是宾利。”。他告诉我的只是：他庆幸自己在最近救了一个朋友从一个最轻率的婚姻带来的不便，但没有提到名字或任何其他细节，我只是怀疑它是宾利相信他的年轻人陷入困境那种类型，并知道他们在一起度过了整整一个夏天。”
“Did Mr. Darcy give you reasons for this interference?”
“达西先生给了你这种干扰的理由吗？“
“I understood that there were some very strong objections against the   lady.”
“我知道有人强烈反对这位女士。”
“And what arts did he use to separate them?”
“他用什么艺术来把它们分开呢？“
“He did not talk to me of his own arts,” said Fitzwilliam, smiling. “He   only told me what I have now told you.”
“他不跟我谈他自己的艺术，”Fitzwilliam说，微笑。“他只是把我现在告诉你的告诉了我。”
Elizabeth made no answer, and walked on, her heart swelling with   indignation. After watching her a little, Fitzwilliam asked her why she   was so thoughtful.
伊丽莎白没有回答，继续往前走，她的心因愤怒而膨胀。看着她一点，Fitzwilliam问她为什么这么周到。
“I am thinking of what you have been telling me,” said she. “Your cousin’s   conduct does not suit my feelings. Why was he to be the judge?”
“我在想你一直在告诉我的事情，”她说。“你表弟的品行不合我的感情。”。他为什么要当法官？“
“You are rather disposed to call his interference officious?”
“你是不是愿意给他干扰多管闲事？“
“I do not see what right Mr. Darcy had to decide on the propriety of his   friend’s inclination, or why, upon his own judgement alone, he was to   determine and direct in what manner his friend was to be happy. But,” she   continued, recollecting herself, “as we know none of the particulars, it   is not fair to condemn him. It is not to be supposed that there was much   affection in the case.”
“我看不出达西先生有什么权利来决定他朋友的倾向，或者仅仅凭他自己的判断，他就要决定和指示他的朋友是怎样高兴的。”。但是，”她继续说，反思自己，“我们知道的详情没有，谴责他是不公平的。这件事不应该有太多的感情。”
“That is not an unnatural surmise,” said Fitzwilliam, “but it is a   lessening of the honour of my cousin’s triumph very sadly.”
“这不是一个自然的猜测，”Fitzwilliam说，“但这是一个减少我的表弟的胜利非常可悲的荣誉。”
This was spoken jestingly; but it appeared to her so just a picture of Mr.   Darcy, that she would not trust herself with an answer, and therefore,   abruptly changing the conversation talked on indifferent matters until   they reached the Parsonage. There, shut into her own room, as soon as   their visitor left them, she could think without interruption of all that   she had heard. It was not to be supposed that any other people could be   meant than those with whom she was connected. There could not exist in the   world two men over whom Mr. Darcy could have such boundless   influence. That he had been concerned in the measures taken to separate   Bingley and Jane she had never doubted; but she had always attributed to   Miss Bingley the principal design and arrangement of them. If his own   vanity, however, did not mislead him, he was the cause, his pride   and caprice were the cause, of all that Jane had suffered, and still   continued to suffer. He had ruined for a while every hope of happiness for   the most affectionate, generous heart in the world; and no one could say   how lasting an evil he might have inflicted.
这是说的玩笑；但似乎她只有一张照片，达西先生，那她就不会有一个答案，相信自己，因此，便突然改变了话题谈无关紧要的事，直到他们到达了牧师。在那里，她关上了自己的房间，客人一离开，她就可以毫不犹豫地听到她所听到的一切。这并不是说任何其他人都比那些与她有联系的人更有意义。世界上根本就不可能有两个人能对达西先生产生如此大的影响。他对宾利和简采取的措施表示关切，但她从来没有怀疑过，但她总是把宾利小姐的主要设计和安排归功于她。如果他自己的虚荣心，然而，没有误导他，他的事业，他的傲慢和任性的原因，所有的简的遭遇，并继续遭受的痛苦。他曾一度为世界上最多情、最慷慨的心所希望的每一个幸福都毁灭了，没有人能说出他可能造成多么持久的罪恶。
“There were some very strong objections against the lady,” were Colonel   Fitzwilliam’s words; and those strong objections probably were, her having   one uncle who was a country attorney, and another who was in business in   London.
“有些人强烈反对的太太，”Fitzwilliam上校的话；和那些强烈反对可能是，她有一个叔叔是一个国家的律师，另一个在伦敦做生意。
“To Jane herself,” she exclaimed, “there could be no possibility of   objection; all loveliness and goodness as she is!—her understanding   excellent, her mind improved, and her manners captivating. Neither could   anything be urged against my father, who, though with some peculiarities,   has abilities Mr. Darcy himself need not disdain, and respectability which   he will probably never reach.” When she thought of her mother, her   confidence gave way a little; but she would not allow that any objections   there had material weight with Mr. Darcy, whose pride, she was   convinced, would receive a deeper wound from the want of importance in his   friend’s connections, than from their want of sense; and she was quite   decided, at last, that he had been partly governed by this worst kind of   pride, and partly by the wish of retaining Mr. Bingley for his sister.
“简，”她说，“有可能是不可能的异议；所有的美丽和善良的她！-她的理解很好，她的思想进步，她的举止迷人。也有反对我的父亲，他虽然有些怪癖，有能力的达西先生不鄙夷，为了他永远不可能达到。”当她想到她的母亲，她的自信了一点；但她不允许任何异议有达西先生，谁的骄傲有材料的重量，她确信，会让他的朋友的联系的重要性得到更深的伤口，比他们希望的感觉；她很确定，最后，他已经在一定程度上受这糟糕的一种骄傲，和部分保留宾利先生的妹妹希望。
The agitation and tears which the subject occasioned, brought on a   headache; and it grew so much worse towards the evening, that, added to   her unwillingness to see Mr. Darcy, it determined her not to attend her   cousins to Rosings, where they were engaged to drink tea. Mrs. Collins,   seeing that she was really unwell, did not press her to go and as much as   possible prevented her husband from pressing her; but Mr. Collins could   not conceal his apprehension of Lady Catherine’s being rather displeased   by her staying at home.
搅拌和眼泪的主题而带来的头痛；它变得如此糟糕的晚上，再加上她不愿意看到达西先生，它决定不陪她的表妹在罗新斯，聘请他们来喝茶。Collins太太看到她身体不适，没有催促她去，尽量阻止丈夫催促她，但Collins先生无法掩饰自己对Lady Catherine呆在家里不高兴的担心。
Chapter 34
34章
When they were gone, Elizabeth, as if intending to exasperate herself as   much as possible against Mr. Darcy, chose for her employment the   examination of all the letters which Jane had written to her since her   being in Kent. They contained no actual complaint, nor was there any   revival of past occurrences, or any communication of present suffering.   But in all, and in almost every line of each, there was a want of that   cheerfulness which had been used to characterise her style, and which,   proceeding from the serenity of a mind at ease with itself and kindly   disposed towards everyone, had been scarcely ever clouded. Elizabeth   noticed every sentence conveying the idea of uneasiness, with an attention   which it had hardly received on the first perusal. Mr. Darcy’s shameful   boast of what misery he had been able to inflict, gave her a keener sense   of her sister’s sufferings. It was some consolation to think that his   visit to Rosings was to end on the day after the next—and, a still   greater, that in less than a fortnight she should herself be with Jane   again, and enabled to contribute to the recovery of her spirits, by all   that affection could do.
他们走了之后，伊丽莎白，仿佛有意激怒自己尽可能地对达西先生，为她挑选了就业考试的所有字母，简从她在肯特她写。它们既没有实际的抱怨，也没有过去事件的复苏，也没有任何当前痛苦的交流。但是，在每一行中，几乎每一行，都有那种那种用来描述她的风格的愉快心情，而这种愉快的心情是从一个人内心的平静和对每个人友好的态度出发的。伊丽莎白注意到每一句话都流露着不安，有关注，有恬。达西先生对他所能造成的苦难的无耻吹嘘，使她更深刻地体会到姐姐的痛苦。这是一些安慰，认为他访问Rosings是结束后的那一天，下一步，更大的，在不到两个星期，她又可以再次与简，并使她贡献精神的复苏，所有的感情能做的。
She could not think of Darcy’s leaving Kent without remembering that his   cousin was to go with him; but Colonel Fitzwilliam had made it clear that   he had no intentions at all, and agreeable as he was, she did not mean to   be unhappy about him.
她不认为达西的离开肯特没有记住他的堂弟是跟他一起去；但Fitzwilliam上校曾明确表示，他根本没有用心，惬意的他，她并不是为了他而不快活。
While settling this point, she was suddenly roused by the sound of the   door-bell, and her spirits were a little fluttered by the idea of its   being Colonel Fitzwilliam himself, who had once before called late in the   evening, and might now come to inquire particularly after her. But this   idea was soon banished, and her spirits were very differently affected,   when, to her utter amazement, she saw Mr. Darcy walk into the room. In an   hurried manner he immediately began an inquiry after her health, imputing   his visit to a wish of hearing that she were better. She answered him with   cold civility. He sat down for a few moments, and then getting up, walked   about the room. Elizabeth was surprised, but said not a word. After a   silence of several minutes, he came towards her in an agitated manner, and   thus began:
而解决这一点，她突然门铃响的声音，她精神有点飘的是Fitzwilliam上校的想法，曾经在所谓的傍晚，这回可能是特地来问候她。但这一想法很快就被消除了，她的精神也受到了不同的影响，当她惊讶万分的时候，她看到达西先生走进房间。在他慌忙后立即开始询问她的健康，将他的访问，希望听到她更好。她冷淡地回答了他。他坐了一会儿，然后站起来，在房间里走来走去。伊丽莎白很惊讶，但一句话也没说。沉默了几分钟后，他激动地朝她走了过来，就这样开始了：
“In vain I have struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be   repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love   you.”
“我徒劳地挣扎过。”。它不会做。我的感情不会被压抑。你一定要让我告诉你我多么钦佩你，多么爱你。
Elizabeth’s astonishment was beyond expression. She stared, coloured,   doubted, and was silent. This he considered sufficient encouragement; and   the avowal of all that he felt, and had long felt for her, immediately   followed. He spoke well; but there were feelings besides those of the   heart to be detailed; and he was not more eloquent on the subject of   tenderness than of pride. His sense of her inferiority—of its being   a degradation—of the family obstacles which had always opposed to   inclination, were dwelt on with a warmth which seemed due to the   consequence he was wounding, but was very unlikely to recommend his suit.
伊丽莎白惊愕得说不出话来。她盯着，有色，怀疑，并保持沉默。他认为这足够的鼓励；并声明他所有的感觉，并一直对她的感觉，紧接着。他说得很好，但除了心的感情之外，还有一些要详细的感情；他在柔情方面比傲慢更能说明问题。他对她自卑的感觉是对家庭的一种堕落，而这种家庭的障碍总是与倾向相反的，这是因为他受到伤害而产生的一种温暖，但却不大可能推荐他的衣服。
In spite of her deeply-rooted dislike, she could not be insensible to the   compliment of such a man’s affection, and though her intentions did not   vary for an instant, she was at first sorry for the pain he was to   receive; till, roused to resentment by his subsequent language, she lost   all compassion in anger. She tried, however, to compose herself to answer   him with patience, when he should have done. He concluded with   representing to her the strength of that attachment which, in spite of all   his endeavours, he had found impossible to conquer; and with expressing   his hope that it would now be rewarded by her acceptance of his hand. As   he said this, she could easily see that he had no doubt of a favourable   answer. He spoke of apprehension and anxiety, but his countenance   expressed real security. Such a circumstance could only exasperate   farther, and, when he ceased, the colour rose into her cheeks, and she   said:
在她根深蒂固的厌恶，她不能对这样一个男人的爱情的赞美，虽然她的意图不曾有过片刻，她在他收到的痛苦第一遗憾；直到，激起了她的怨恨他随后的语言，她在愤怒中失去了所有的同情。然而，她试图在他该做的时候耐心地回答他。最后，他向她表明了这种依附的力量，尽管他尽了一切努力，却发现无法征服；他怀着希望，现在会得到她接受他的手的回报。他这样说时，很容易看出他毫无疑问地得到了一个好的答复。他说起忧虑和焦虑，但脸上却表现出真正的安全感。这样的情况只会恶化得更远，和，当他停止，她就红着脸，她说：
“In such cases as this, it is, I believe, the established mode to express   a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed, however unequally they   may be returned. It is natural that obligation should be felt, and if I   could feel gratitude, I would now thank you. But I cannot—I   have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly bestowed it   most unwillingly. I am sorry to have occasioned pain to anyone. It has   been most unconsciously done, however, and I hope will be of short   duration. The feelings which, you tell me, have long prevented the   acknowledgment of your regard, can have little difficulty in overcoming it   after this explanation.”
“在这样的情况下，是的，我相信，既定的模式来表达一种责任感的观点认为，然而不等他们可以返回。这是很自然的责任感，如果我能感激，我现在感谢你。但我cannot-i从来没有期望得到你的好感，你肯定把它最不情愿的。我很抱歉引起疼痛的人。然而，这是最不自觉的，我希望它会持续很短的时间。你告诉我的感觉，长期以来阻止了对你的尊重的承认，在这个解释之后，克服这个问题没有什么困难。
Mr. Darcy, who was leaning against the mantelpiece with his eyes fixed on   her face, seemed to catch her words with no less resentment than surprise.   His complexion became pale with anger, and the disturbance of his mind was   visible in every feature. He was struggling for the appearance of   composure, and would not open his lips till he believed himself to have   attained it. The pause was to Elizabeth’s feelings dreadful. At length,   with a voice of forced calmness, he said:
达西先生，谁是靠眼睛盯着她的脸，壁炉，似乎不亚于惊讶怨恨抓住她的话。他的脸色因愤怒而苍白，各种各样的人物都能看出他精神上的紊乱。他为镇静的样子挣扎着，直到他相信自己已经实现了，才开口说话。停顿是伊丽莎白的感情可怕。最后，他带着一种勉强平静的声音说：
“And this is all the reply which I am to have the honour of expecting! I   might, perhaps, wish to be informed why, with so little endeavour   at civility, I am thus rejected. But it is of small importance.”
“这就是我期望得到的所有答复。”！我也许希望知道为什么，因为礼貌这么少，我就被拒绝了。但这一点并不重要。”
“I might as well inquire,” replied she, “why with so evident a desire of   offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me against   your will, against your reason, and even against your character? Was not   this some excuse for incivility, if I was uncivil? But I have other   provocations. You know I have. Had not my feelings decided against you—had   they been indifferent, or had they even been favourable, do you think that   any consideration would tempt me to accept the man who has been the means   of ruining, perhaps for ever, the happiness of a most beloved sister?”
“我不妨问问，”她回答说，“为什么有这么明显的冒犯和侮辱我的欲望，你选择告诉我，你喜欢我违背了你的意愿，违背了你的理智，甚至违背了你的品质？这不是我无礼的借口，如果我不礼貌吗？但我还有其他的挑衅。你知道我有。如果他们不关心，或者他们对我有利，难道我的感情没有决定吗？你认为任何考虑都会诱使我接受那个一直毁灭我的人，也许永远是一个最心爱的姐妹的幸福吗？“
As she pronounced these words, Mr. Darcy changed colour; but the emotion   was short, and he listened without attempting to interrupt her while she   continued:
当她宣布这些话时，达西先生脸色变了，但感情很短暂，她一边听着，一边不停地打断她：
“I have every reason in the world to think ill of you. No motive can   excuse the unjust and ungenerous part you acted there. You dare   not, you cannot deny, that you have been the principal, if not the only   means of dividing them from each other—of exposing one to the   censure of the world for caprice and instability, and the other to its   derision for disappointed hopes, and involving them both in misery of the   acutest kind.”
“我完全有理由相信你的坏话。”。没有动机可以原谅不公正和吝啬你的行动有一部分。你不敢，你不能否认，你是校长，如果不把它们从暴露一对任性和不稳定的世界的相互指责的唯一手段，和失望希望其嘲笑对方，并把他们陷入极大痛苦的种类。”
She paused, and saw with no slight indignation that he was listening with   an air which proved him wholly unmoved by any feeling of remorse. He even   looked at her with a smile of affected incredulity.
她停了下来，一点也不感到愤怒，他在空中听着，这表明他对任何悔恨的感情都无动于衷。他甚至看着她与一个受怀疑的微笑。
“Can you deny that you have done it?” she repeated.
“你能否认你做了吗？”她重复说。
With assumed tranquillity he then replied: “I have no wish of denying that   I did everything in my power to separate my friend from your sister, or   that I rejoice in my success. Towards him I have been kinder than   towards myself.”
他平静地回答说：“我不想否认我尽了一切力量把我的朋友与你姐姐分开，或者我为我的成功感到高兴。”。对他来说，我比自己更仁慈。”
Elizabeth disdained the appearance of noticing this civil reflection, but   its meaning did not escape, nor was it likely to conciliate her.
伊丽莎白不屑注意这民的反射现象，但它的意义并没有逃跑，也不可能博得她的好感。
“But it is not merely this affair,” she continued, “on which my dislike is   founded. Long before it had taken place my opinion of you was decided.   Your character was unfolded in the recital which I received many months   ago from Mr. Wickham. On this subject, what can you have to say? In what   imaginary act of friendship can you here defend yourself? or under what   misrepresentation can you here impose upon others?”
“但这不仅仅是这件事，”她继续说，“我不喜欢这件事。很久以前，我对你的看法就已经决定了。你的角色是在我几个月前从威克姆先生那里收到的独奏会上展开的。关于这个问题，你有什么要说的？你能在什么样的假想友谊中为自己辩护？或者你在这里有什么歪曲事实？“
“You take an eager interest in that gentleman’s concerns,” said Darcy, in   a less tranquil tone, and with a heightened colour.
“你对那位先生的关心很感兴趣，”达西用一种不那么平静的语调说，语气也很严肃。
“Who that knows what his misfortunes have been, can help feeling an   interest in him?”
谁知道自己的不幸遭遇，谁能帮助他产生兴趣？“
“His misfortunes!” repeated Darcy contemptuously; “yes, his misfortunes   have been great indeed.”
“他的不幸！“达西轻蔑地重复；“是的，他的确很不幸。”
“And of your infliction,” cried Elizabeth with energy. “You have reduced   him to his present state of poverty—comparative poverty. You have   withheld the advantages which you must know to have been designed for him.   You have deprived the best years of his life of that independence which   was no less his due than his desert. You have done all this! and yet you   can treat the mention of his misfortune with contempt and ridicule.”
“你做了什么，”伊丽莎白使劲叫道。“你已经使他沦落到现在的贫困状态，比较贫困。”。你隐瞒了你必须知道为他设计的优点。你剥夺了他生命中最美好的岁月，他的独立与他的沙漠一样。这些都是你做的！然而，你可以用轻蔑和嘲笑来对待他的不幸。”
“And this,” cried Darcy, as he walked with quick steps across the room,   “is your opinion of me! This is the estimation in which you hold me! I   thank you for explaining it so fully. My faults, according to this   calculation, are heavy indeed! But perhaps,” added he, stopping in his   walk, and turning towards her, “these offenses might have been overlooked,   had not your pride been hurt by my honest confession of the scruples that   had long prevented my forming any serious design. These bitter accusations   might have been suppressed, had I, with greater policy, concealed my   struggles, and flattered you into the belief of my being impelled by   unqualified, unalloyed inclination; by reason, by reflection, by   everything. But disguise of every sort is my abhorrence. Nor am I ashamed   of the feelings I related. They were natural and just. Could you expect me   to rejoice in the inferiority of your connections?—to congratulate   myself on the hope of relations, whose condition in life is so decidedly   beneath my own?”
“这，”达西喊道，一边快步走过房间，“你对我有什么看法吗？！这就是你持有我的估计！谢谢你解释得这么充分。根据这个计算，我的缺点确实很重！“但也许，”他停下脚步，转身向她说，“这些罪过可能被忽视了，难道你的自尊心没有受到我坦白承认长期以来阻碍我制定严肃设计的顾虑的伤害吗？”。这些痛苦的指控可能被抑制，有我，有更大的政策，隐藏我的挣扎，使你进入我的被不合格的，纯粹的倾向推动了信仰；理性，通过反射，一切。但每一种伪装是我的憎恶。我也不为我的感情感到羞愧。它们是自然的和公正的。你能指望我为你的缺点感到高兴吗？-祝贺我对关系的希望，在我的生活中，他们的条件是如此的明显？“
Elizabeth felt herself growing more angry every moment; yet she tried to   the utmost to speak with composure when she said:
伊丽莎白感到自己每一刻都变得越来越生气，但当她说的时候，她尽量镇静地说话：
“You are mistaken, Mr. Darcy, if you suppose that the mode of your   declaration affected me in any other way, than as it spared me the concern   which I might have felt in refusing you, had you behaved in a more   gentlemanlike manner.”
“你错了，达西先生，如果你认为你的声明的方式影响我的任何其他方式，除此我可能拒绝你感到担忧，因为你表现得更绅士的方式。”
She saw him start at this, but he said nothing, and she continued:
她看见他从这里开始，但他什么也没说，她继续说：
“You could not have made the offer of your hand in any possible way that   would have tempted me to accept it.”
“你不可能以任何可能的方式提出你的建议，这会诱使我接受它。”
Again his astonishment was obvious; and he looked at her with an   expression of mingled incredulity and mortification. She went on:
他又是明显的；他看着她带着痛苦和诧异的神气。她继续说：
“From the very beginning—from the first moment, I may almost say—of   my acquaintance with you, your manners, impressing me with the fullest   belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the   feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapprobation   on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike; and I had   not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the   world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.”
“From the very beginning—from the first moment, I may almost say—of   my acquaintance with you, your manners, impressing me with the fullest   belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the   feelings of others, were such as to form the groundwork of disapprobation   on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike; and I had   not known you a month before I felt that you were the last man in the   world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.”
“You have said quite enough, madam. I perfectly comprehend your feelings,   and have now only to be ashamed of what my own have been. Forgive me for   having taken up so much of your time, and accept my best wishes for your   health and happiness.”
“你说得够多的了，夫人。我完全理解你的感受，现在只为我自己所做的感到羞愧。原谅我占用了你这么多时间，并接受我对你健康和幸福的良好祝愿。
And with these words he hastily left the room, and Elizabeth heard him the   next moment open the front door and quit the house.
他一句话匆匆地离开了房间，伊丽莎白听到他的话，打开前门，离开了那所房子。
The tumult of her mind, was now painfully great. She knew not how to   support herself, and from actual weakness sat down and cried for   half-an-hour. Her astonishment, as she reflected on what had passed, was   increased by every review of it. That she should receive an offer of   marriage from Mr. Darcy! That he should have been in love with her for so   many months! So much in love as to wish to marry her in spite of all the   objections which had made him prevent his friend’s marrying her sister,   and which must appear at least with equal force in his own case—was   almost incredible! It was gratifying to have inspired unconsciously so   strong an affection. But his pride, his abominable pride—his   shameless avowal of what he had done with respect to Jane—his   unpardonable assurance in acknowledging, though he could not justify it,   and the unfeeling manner in which he had mentioned Mr. Wickham, his   cruelty towards whom he had not attempted to deny, soon overcame the pity   which the consideration of his attachment had for a moment excited. She   continued in very agitated reflections till the sound of Lady Catherine’s   carriage made her feel how unequal she was to encounter Charlotte’s   observation, and hurried her away to her room.
她心中的骚动，现在是痛苦的伟大。她不知道如何养活自己，从实际的弱点坐下来哭了半小时。她对过去所发生的一切感到惊奇，每一次评论都使她更加惊讶。她应该得到达西先生的求婚！他应该爱她这么多月！尽管有种种反对，使他阻止朋友与她妹妹结婚，但至少在他自己的案件中，他必须以同样的力量出现，这一切都令人难以置信！在不知不觉中激起了如此强烈的感情是令人欣慰的。但他的傲慢，他的可恶的傲慢他的无耻声明他所做的一切就简他承认不可饶恕的保证，虽然他不能自圆其说，和无情的方式中，他提到了威克姆先生，他的残忍对他没有试图否认，很快就克服了，他考虑了附件一会儿遗憾的兴奋。她继续激动地思考着，直到Lady Catherine的马车发出声音，使她感到她遇到夏洛特的观察是多么地不平等，急忙把她赶到自己的房间去。
Chapter 35
35章
Elizabeth awoke the next morning to the same thoughts and meditations   which had at length closed her eyes. She could not yet recover from the   surprise of what had happened; it was impossible to think of anything   else; and, totally indisposed for employment, she resolved, soon after   breakfast, to indulge herself in air and exercise. She was proceeding   directly to her favourite walk, when the recollection of Mr. Darcy’s   sometimes coming there stopped her, and instead of entering the park, she   turned up the lane, which led farther from the turnpike-road. The park   paling was still the boundary on one side, and she soon passed one of the   gates into the ground.
第二天早上，伊丽莎白醒来，陷入了同样的沉思和沉思，她终于闭上了眼睛。她还未从惊讶中恢复过来所发生的事；不想别的，完全不感兴趣；就业，她决定，早饭后不久，放纵自己在空气和运动。她正想往她最喜欢的散步，在达西先生的回忆有时会有阻止她，而不是进入公园，她开上车道，导致远离公路的道路。公园的栅栏还在一侧的边界，她很快就通过一个门进入地面。
After walking two or three times along that part of the lane, she was   tempted, by the pleasantness of the morning, to stop at the gates and look   into the park. The five weeks which she had now passed in Kent had made a   great difference in the country, and every day was adding to the verdure   of the early trees. She was on the point of continuing her walk, when she   caught a glimpse of a gentleman within the sort of grove which edged the   park; he was moving that way; and, fearful of its being Mr. Darcy, she was   directly retreating. But the person who advanced was now near enough to   see her, and stepping forward with eagerness, pronounced her name. She had   turned away; but on hearing herself called, though in a voice which proved   it to be Mr. Darcy, she moved again towards the gate. He had by that time   reached it also, and, holding out a letter, which she instinctively took,   said, with a look of haughty composure, “I have been walking in the grove   some time in the hope of meeting you. Will you do me the honour of reading   that letter?” And then, with a slight bow, turned again into the   plantation, and was soon out of sight.
后步行两或三次沿着车道的那一部分，她被引诱，被那清晨的，停在门口看着公园。五周后，她已经在肯特乡村里已经有了很大的差别，每天增加早青的。她正走着继续走着，这时她瞥见一个绅士在树丛里，他在公园里转来转去，他正往那边走，由于害怕达西先生，她直接撤退了。但是先进的人现在已经离她很近了，她急切地向前走去，宣布她的名字。她转过身去，但当她听到自己的呼唤时，她用一种声音证明她是达西先生，她又朝门口走去。这时，他也走到了那里，手里拿着一封信，她本能地接过信，脸上带着高傲的神情，“我在树林里走了一会儿，希望能见到你。”。你能为我读那封信吗？然后，微微鞠了一躬，又转身走进了种植园，很快就看不见了。
With no expectation of pleasure, but with the strongest curiosity,   Elizabeth opened the letter, and, to her still increasing wonder,   perceived an envelope containing two sheets of letter-paper, written quite   through, in a very close hand. The envelope itself was likewise full.   Pursuing her way along the lane, she then began it. It was dated from   Rosings, at eight o’clock in the morning, and was as follows:—
伊丽莎白不想高兴，但出于最强烈的好奇心，她打开了那封信，对她仍感到越来越惊奇的是，她看到一个信封，里面有两张信纸，写得很仔细，很近。信封本身也同样完整。她沿着小路一直走，然后就开始了。这是罗新斯写的，在早上八点，和如下：—
“Be not alarmed, madam, on receiving this letter, by the apprehension of   its containing any repetition of those sentiments or renewal of those   offers which were last night so disgusting to you. I write without any   intention of paining you, or humbling myself, by dwelling on wishes which,   for the happiness of both, cannot be too soon forgotten; and the effort   which the formation and the perusal of this letter must occasion, should   have been spared, had not my character required it to be written and read.   You must, therefore, pardon the freedom with which I demand your   attention; your feelings, I know, will bestow it unwillingly, but I demand   it of your justice.
“夫人，不要惊慌，在收到这封信时，要考虑到这封信中包含了那些重复的感情，或是那些昨晚对你如此令人厌恶的提议的更新。我写不打算疼你，或羞辱自己的愿望，对居住，对双方的幸福，无法很快忘记；和努力，形成了这封信的阅读必须的场合，应该独善其身，没有我的角色需要将读写。因此，你必须原谅我要求你注意的自由；我知道，你的感情会不情愿地给予它，但我要求你的正义。
“Two offenses of a very different nature, and by no means of equal   magnitude, you last night laid to my charge. The first mentioned was,   that, regardless of the sentiments of either, I had detached Mr. Bingley   from your sister, and the other, that I had, in defiance of various   claims, in defiance of honour and humanity, ruined the immediate   prosperity and blasted the prospects of Mr. Wickham. Wilfully and wantonly   to have thrown off the companion of my youth, the acknowledged favourite   of my father, a young man who had scarcely any other dependence than on   our patronage, and who had been brought up to expect its exertion, would   be a depravity, to which the separation of two young persons, whose   affection could be the growth of only a few weeks, could bear no   comparison. But from the severity of that blame which was last night so   liberally bestowed, respecting each circumstance, I shall hope to be in   the future secured, when the following account of my actions and their   motives has been read. If, in the explanation of them, which is due to   myself, I am under the necessity of relating feelings which may be   offensive to yours, I can only say that I am sorry. The necessity must be   obeyed, and further apology would be absurd.
“昨晚你犯了两个性质完全不同，而且没有同等大小的罪行，这是对我的指控。第一句话是，不管是哪一种情绪，我都把宾利先生从你姐姐那里分离出来，而另一个，我不顾各种荣誉，不顾荣誉和人道，把眼前的繁荣破坏了，破坏了威克姆先生的前途。故意地要扔下我青春的伴侣，承认我父亲最喜欢的，一个年轻人几乎没有其他的依赖比我们的赞助人，他们已经长大，期待它的发挥，将是一个堕落，这两个年轻人分离，其影响可能是仅仅几周的生长，也没有比较。但是，从昨晚如此严重的责难中，尊重每一种情况，我希望在将来能有把握，当我对我的行为和动机作了如下叙述时。如果在解释上，这是出于我自己，我有必要把可能冒犯你的感情联系起来，我只能说对不起。必须服从，进一步道歉是荒谬的。
“I had not been long in Hertfordshire, before I saw, in common with   others, that Bingley preferred your elder sister to any other young woman   in the country. But it was not till the evening of the dance at   Netherfield that I had any apprehension of his feeling a serious   attachment. I had often seen him in love before. At that ball, while I had   the honour of dancing with you, I was first made acquainted, by Sir   William Lucas’s accidental information, that Bingley’s attentions to your   sister had given rise to a general expectation of their marriage. He spoke   of it as a certain event, of which the time alone could be undecided. From   that moment I observed my friend’s behaviour attentively; and I could then   perceive that his partiality for Miss Bennet was beyond what I had ever   witnessed in him. Your sister I also watched. Her look and manners were   open, cheerful, and engaging as ever, but without any symptom of peculiar   regard, and I remained convinced from the evening’s scrutiny, that though   she received his attentions with pleasure, she did not invite them by any   participation of sentiment. If you have not been mistaken here, I   must have been in error. Your superior knowledge of your sister must make   the latter probable. If it be so, if I have been misled by such error to   inflict pain on her, your resentment has not been unreasonable. But I   shall not scruple to assert, that the serenity of your sister’s   countenance and air was such as might have given the most acute observer a   conviction that, however amiable her temper, her heart was not likely to   be easily touched. That I was desirous of believing her indifferent is   certain—but I will venture to say that my investigation and   decisions are not usually influenced by my hopes or fears. I did not   believe her to be indifferent because I wished it; I believed it on   impartial conviction, as truly as I wished it in reason. My objections to   the marriage were not merely those which I last night acknowledged to have   the utmost force of passion to put aside, in my own case; the want of   connection could not be so great an evil to my friend as to me. But there   were other causes of repugnance; causes which, though still existing, and   existing to an equal degree in both instances, I had myself endeavoured to   forget, because they were not immediately before me. These causes must be   stated, though briefly. The situation of your mother’s family, though   objectionable, was nothing in comparison to that total want of propriety   so frequently, so almost uniformly betrayed by herself, by your three   younger sisters, and occasionally even by your father. Pardon me. It pains   me to offend you. But amidst your concern for the defects of your nearest   relations, and your displeasure at this representation of them, let it   give you consolation to consider that, to have conducted yourselves so as   to avoid any share of the like censure, is praise no less generally   bestowed on you and your elder sister, than it is honourable to the sense   and disposition of both. I will only say farther that from what passed   that evening, my opinion of all parties was confirmed, and every   inducement heightened which could have led me before, to preserve my   friend from what I esteemed a most unhappy connection. He left Netherfield   for London, on the day following, as you, I am certain, remember, with the   design of soon returning.
“我已经不在赫特福德郡很久了，之前我看到，在与别人相同的，宾利喜欢你姐姐在任何其他国家的年轻女子。但直到在Netherfield跳舞的那晚上，我才到他感觉有严重的依恋。我以前经常见过他恋爱。在舞会上，当我荣幸地和你跳舞时，William Lucas爵士偶然的消息使我第一次了解到，宾利对你妹妹的关心引起了他们对婚姻的普遍期望。他说这是一件特定的事件，其中只有时间是未定的。从那一刻起，我就仔细观察了我朋友的行为，然后我意识到他对Bennet小姐的偏爱超出了我在他身上看到的一切。你姐姐我也看了。她的外表和举止一如既往地开放、愉快、迷人，但没有任何特别的注意，我从晚上的审视中仍然坚信，虽然她很高兴地得到了他的注意，但她并没有邀请他们参加任何感情的活动。如果你没弄错的话，我一定是弄错了。你对你姐姐的优越认识一定会使你很有可能。如果是这样的话，如果我被这样的错误误导了，给她带来痛苦，你的怨恨也就没有道理了。但我会毫不顾忌地断言，你姐姐的脸和空气的宁静是如可能给出最敏锐的观察家认为，然而和蔼可亲，她的脾气，她的心不容易感动。我想相信她无动于衷，这是肯定的，但我敢说，我的调查和决定通常不受我的希望和恐惧的影响。我不相信她会无动于衷，因为我希望这样；我相信它是公正的，我真的希望它是合理的。我对婚姻的反对不仅是我昨天晚上承认的，在我自己的情况下，对我的朋友来说，对感情的渴望对我来说并没有那么大的恶意。但也有其他原因引起的反感；，虽然仍然存在，并存在在这两种情况下，一个平等的程度，我想忘记，因为他们不在我面前。必须简要说明这些原因。你母亲的家庭情况虽然令人反感，但与完全不礼貌的情况相比，几乎没有什么东西比得上她自己、你的三个妹妹，有时甚至是你父亲的背叛。请原谅我。冒犯你使我很痛苦。但是在你关心你最近的关系的缺陷，和你对他们的这种表示，让它给你安慰的考虑，已经进行了自己以避免任何分享类似的责难，不一般的给你和你的姐姐的赞美，比它是光荣的无论是意识和性格。我只会说，从那天晚上过去的事中，我对所有党派的看法得到了肯定，每一个诱因都能提高我的领导地位，使我的朋友远离我最不愉快的关系。他离开Netherfield去了伦敦，在接下来的一天，因为你，我一定记住，与设计很快回来。
“The part which I acted is now to be explained. His sisters’ uneasiness   had been equally excited with my own; our coincidence of feeling was soon   discovered, and, alike sensible that no time was to be lost in detaching   their brother, we shortly resolved on joining him directly in London. We   accordingly went—and there I readily engaged in the office of   pointing out to my friend the certain evils of such a choice. I described,   and enforced them earnestly. But, however this remonstrance might have   staggered or delayed his determination, I do not suppose that it would   ultimately have prevented the marriage, had it not been seconded by the   assurance that I hesitated not in giving, of your sister’s indifference.   He had before believed her to return his affection with sincere, if not   with equal regard. But Bingley has great natural modesty, with a stronger   dependence on my judgement than on his own. To convince him, therefore,   that he had deceived himself, was no very difficult point. To persuade him   against returning into Hertfordshire, when that conviction had been given,   was scarcely the work of a moment. I cannot blame myself for having done   thus much. There is but one part of my conduct in the whole affair on   which I do not reflect with satisfaction; it is that I condescended to   adopt the measures of art so far as to conceal from him your sister’s   being in town. I knew it myself, as it was known to Miss Bingley; but her   brother is even yet ignorant of it. That they might have met without ill   consequence is perhaps probable; but his regard did not appear to me   enough extinguished for him to see her without some danger. Perhaps this   concealment, this disguise was beneath me; it is done, however, and it was   done for the best. On this subject I have nothing more to say, no other   apology to offer. If I have wounded your sister’s feelings, it was   unknowingly done and though the motives which governed me may to you very   naturally appear insufficient, I have not yet learnt to condemn them.
“我扮演的角色现在要解释了。他姐妹们的不安也和我一样兴奋；我们的感情巧合很快就被发现了，而且同样明智的是，没有时间把他们的兄弟分开，我们很快就决定直接和他在伦敦会合。我们就这样去了那里，我欣然地在办公室里向我的朋友指出这种选择的某些邪恶之处。我描述并认真地执行。But, however this remonstrance might have   staggered or delayed his determination, I do not suppose that it would   ultimately have prevented the marriage, had it not been seconded by the   assurance that I hesitated not in giving, of your sister’s indifference.   他以前相信她会真诚地回报他的感情，如果不是同样的话。但宾利天生谦逊，对我的判断依赖性强于他自己。因此，使他相信自己欺骗了自己，并不是十分困难的一点。劝他不要回到哈福德郡，当定罪了，几乎是一瞬间的事。我不能责怪自己做了这么多。只有在我不很满意我的行为，整个事件的一部分；它是我屈尊采用艺术的措施就隐藏在城里他你姐姐。我自己也知道，正如宾利小姐所知道的那样，但她哥哥却一无所知。也许他们可能没有什么不好的结果，但是他对我的尊敬对他来说已经足够了，不能让她看到一些危险。也许这种掩饰，这种伪装是在我的下面；然而，它已经完成了，而且是为了最好的结果而做的。关于这个问题，我没有什么要说的，没有其他的道歉。如果我伤害了你妹妹的感情，那是在不知不觉中做的，虽然支配我的动机对你来说可能是很自然的，但我还没有学会谴责他们。
“With respect to that other, more weighty accusation, of having injured   Mr. Wickham, I can only refute it by laying before you the whole of his   connection with my family. Of what he has particularly accused me I   am ignorant; but of the truth of what I shall relate, I can summon more   than one witness of undoubted veracity.
“关于那另一个更严重的指控，就是伤害了威克姆先生，我只能反驳你，把你和我家人的整个关系摆在你面前。我对他所说的话一无所知，但就我所讲的事实而言，我可以传唤不止一个证人，这无疑是真实的。
“Mr. Wickham is the son of a very respectable man, who had for many years   the management of all the Pemberley estates, and whose good conduct in the   discharge of his trust naturally inclined my father to be of service to   him; and on George Wickham, who was his godson, his kindness was therefore   liberally bestowed. My father supported him at school, and afterwards at   Cambridge—most important assistance, as his own father, always poor   from the extravagance of his wife, would have been unable to give him a   gentleman’s education. My father was not only fond of this young man’s   society, whose manners were always engaging; he had also the highest   opinion of him, and hoping the church would be his profession, intended to   provide for him in it. As for myself, it is many, many years since I first   began to think of him in a very different manner. The vicious propensities—the   want of principle, which he was careful to guard from the knowledge of his   best friend, could not escape the observation of a young man of nearly the   same age with himself, and who had opportunities of seeing him in   unguarded moments, which Mr. Darcy could not have. Here again I shall give   you pain—to what degree you only can tell. But whatever may be the   sentiments which Mr. Wickham has created, a suspicion of their nature   shall not prevent me from unfolding his real character—it adds even   another motive.
“威克姆先生是个值得尊敬的人的儿子，他多年来所有的彭伯里的财产管理上，其良好的行为在他的信任自然倾向我父亲去服务他放电；和George Wickham，谁是他的教子，他的仁慈是因此同名同姓。我父亲在学校里支持他，后来在剑桥得到了最重要的帮助，因为他自己的父亲总是穷得连妻子的挥霍无度都无法给他一个绅士的教育。我的父亲不仅喜欢这个年轻人的社会，他的举止总是很有吸引力，他对他也有最高的评价，并希望教会成为他的职业，打算为他提供服务。至于我自己，从我开始以一种非常不同的方式来看待他，已经很多年了。邪恶的倾向要原则，他小心地把他最好的朋友的知识，不可能逃脱一个年轻人几乎相同的年龄和自己的观察，他不留神的时候看到他的机会，达西先生不可能。在这里，我会给你痛苦，你只能告诉什么程度。但是不管威克姆先生创造了什么样的感情，对他们本性的怀疑都不会阻止我展现他的真实性格，这增加了另一个动机。
“My excellent father died about five years ago; and his attachment to Mr.   Wickham was to the last so steady, that in his will he particularly   recommended it to me, to promote his advancement in the best manner that   his profession might allow—and if he took orders, desired that a   valuable family living might be his as soon as it became vacant. There was   also a legacy of one thousand pounds. His own father did not long survive   mine, and within half a year from these events, Mr. Wickham wrote to   inform me that, having finally resolved against taking orders, he hoped I   should not think it unreasonable for him to expect some more immediate   pecuniary advantage, in lieu of the preferment, by which he could not be   benefited. He had some intention, he added, of studying law, and I must be   aware that the interest of one thousand pounds would be a very   insufficient support therein. I rather wished, than believed him to be   sincere; but, at any rate, was perfectly ready to accede to his proposal.   I knew that Mr. Wickham ought not to be a clergyman; the business was   therefore soon settled—he resigned all claim to assistance in the   church, were it possible that he could ever be in a situation to receive   it, and accepted in return three thousand pounds. All connection between   us seemed now dissolved. I thought too ill of him to invite him to   Pemberley, or admit his society in town. In town I believe he chiefly   lived, but his studying the law was a mere pretence, and being now free   from all restraint, his life was a life of idleness and dissipation. For   about three years I heard little of him; but on the decease of the   incumbent of the living which had been designed for him, he applied to me   again by letter for the presentation. His circumstances, he assured me,   and I had no difficulty in believing it, were exceedingly bad. He had   found the law a most unprofitable study, and was now absolutely resolved   on being ordained, if I would present him to the living in question—of   which he trusted there could be little doubt, as he was well assured that   I had no other person to provide for, and I could not have forgotten my   revered father’s intentions. You will hardly blame me for refusing to   comply with this entreaty, or for resisting every repetition to it. His   resentment was in proportion to the distress of his circumstances—and   he was doubtless as violent in his abuse of me to others as in his   reproaches to myself. After this period every appearance of acquaintance   was dropped. How he lived I know not. But last summer he was again most   painfully obtruded on my notice.
“我的好父亲五年前去世了；他的先生威克姆附件是最后那么稳定，在他将他特别向我推荐，促进自己的职业可能会允许如果他把订单的最佳方式他的进步，希望一个有价值的家庭生活可能是他很快它是空的。还有一千英镑的遗产。他的父亲没有长期生存的矿井，并在半年内从这些事件中，威克姆先生写信告诉我，终于决定不接受命令，他希望我不应该认为他想到一些直接的经济利益是不合理的，在升迁的场所，使他无法受益。他补充道，他有一些研究法律的意图，我必须意识到，一千英镑的利息将是其中的一个非常不足的支持。我宁愿希望，也不相信他是真诚的，但无论如何，他完全愿意接受他的建议。我知道威克姆先生不应该当牧师，因此生意很快就解决了，他辞去了所有在教堂里寻求帮助的请求，他是否有可能接受这种待遇，并接受三千英镑的报酬。我们之间的一切关系现在似乎都消失了。我以为他要邀请他到Pemberley太厉害，或在镇上承认他的社会。在城里，我相信他主要是活着，但他学习法律只是一种伪装，现在摆脱了一切束缚，他的生活就是一种闲散和浪费的生活。约三年，我很少听到他；但对已为他设计的生活现任过世时，他对我的信再次呈现。他向我保证，他的处境，我毫不怀疑，非常糟糕。他认为这项法律是一项最无利可图的研究，现在完全决心要被任命，如果我把他介绍给他所信任的人，那就毫无疑问了，因为他确信我没有其他人可供，我也不能忘记我尊敬的父亲的意图。你不会怪我拒绝遵守这一请求，或抗每重复它。他的怨恨是在他的情况窘迫比例和他无疑是暴力他虐待我的人他在责备自己。在这段时间之后，所有的熟人都被抛弃了。我不知道他是怎样生活的。但去年夏天他又痛苦地打扰我的通知。
“I must now mention a circumstance which I would wish to forget myself,   and which no obligation less than the present should induce me to unfold   to any human being. Having said thus much, I feel no doubt of your   secrecy. My sister, who is more than ten years my junior, was left to the   guardianship of my mother’s nephew, Colonel Fitzwilliam, and myself. About   a year ago, she was taken from school, and an establishment formed for her   in London; and last summer she went with the lady who presided over it, to   Ramsgate; and thither also went Mr. Wickham, undoubtedly by design; for   there proved to have been a prior acquaintance between him and Mrs.   Younge, in whose character we were most unhappily deceived; and by her   connivance and aid, he so far recommended himself to Georgiana, whose   affectionate heart retained a strong impression of his kindness to her as   a child, that she was persuaded to believe herself in love, and to consent   to an elopement. She was then but fifteen, which must be her excuse; and   after stating her imprudence, I am happy to add, that I owed the knowledge   of it to herself. I joined them unexpectedly a day or two before the   intended elopement, and then Georgiana, unable to support the idea of   grieving and offending a brother whom she almost looked up to as a father,   acknowledged the whole to me. You may imagine what I felt and how I acted.   Regard for my sister’s credit and feelings prevented any public exposure;   but I wrote to Mr. Wickham, who left the place immediately, and Mrs.   Younge was of course removed from her charge. Mr. Wickham’s chief object   was unquestionably my sister’s fortune, which is thirty thousand pounds;   but I cannot help supposing that the hope of revenging himself on me was a   strong inducement. His revenge would have been complete indeed.
“我现在必须提到一种我想忘掉自己的情况，没有任何义务比现在更能使我向任何人敞开。说了这么多，我毫不怀疑你的秘密。我的妹妹，她比我小十岁，是我母亲的内侄，监护Fitzwilliam上校和我自己。大约一年前，她从学校，和一个形成在伦敦给她；去年夏天她去的女主持，到拉姆斯盖特；那里也去了，威克姆先生，毫无疑问的设计；也证明他和Younge夫人之间的现有认识，我们是最不幸的角色欺骗；和她的纵容和资助，他到目前为止推荐自己的Georgiana，其深情的心保留一个强烈的印象，他的善良，她作为一个孩子，她被说服相信自己的爱，并同意私奔。她当时才十五岁，这一定是她的借口；在陈述她的轻率，我很高兴加入，我欠它的知识对自己。我加入了他们竟然私奔的前一天或两天，然后Georgiana，无法承受悲伤的这样一个哥哥她几乎把作为一个父亲的想法，认为我整个。你可以想象我的感受和我的行为。我姐姐的信用方面的感情阻止任何公开曝光；但我写信给威克姆先生，他立刻离开那个地方，Younge太太当然是由她负责拆除。威克姆先生主要是看中了我妹妹的财产，这是三万英镑；但我不由得假设对我报仇的希望自己是一个强大的诱因。他的复仇确实是彻底的。
“This, madam, is a faithful narrative of every event in which we have been   concerned together; and if you do not absolutely reject it as false, you   will, I hope, acquit me henceforth of cruelty towards Mr. Wickham. I know   not in what manner, under what form of falsehood he had imposed on you;   but his success is not perhaps to be wondered at. Ignorant as you   previously were of everything concerning either, detection could not be in   your power, and suspicion certainly not in your inclination.
“这个，夫人，是每一个事件中，我们一直在关注一起忠实的叙述；如果你并不完全认为是错误的，你会的，我希望从今以后，赦免我对威克姆先生的残忍。我不知道他以什么方式对你施加了什么样的谎言，但他的成功也许不值得怀疑。尽管你以前对一切都一无所知，但侦查不可能掌握在你的手中，怀疑当然不在你的意愿之内。
“You may possibly wonder why all this was not told you last night; but I   was not then master enough of myself to know what could or ought to be   revealed. For the truth of everything here related, I can appeal more   particularly to the testimony of Colonel Fitzwilliam, who, from our near   relationship and constant intimacy, and, still more, as one of the   executors of my father’s will, has been unavoidably acquainted with every   particular of these transactions. If your abhorrence of me should   make my assertions valueless, you cannot be prevented by the same   cause from confiding in my cousin; and that there may be the possibility   of consulting him, I shall endeavour to find some opportunity of putting   this letter in your hands in the course of the morning. I will only add,   God bless you.
“你可能会奇怪，为什么昨天晚上没有告诉你这些事情，但我当时还不够精通，不知道应该怎么做，也不应该透露什么。”。对这里的一切相关的事实，我可以吸引更多的证词是Fitzwilliam上校，谁，从我们附近的关系和不断的亲密，更作为一个父亲的意志的执行者，已不可避免地熟悉这些交易的每一个特定的。如果你厌恶我应该让我的断言没有价值，你不能阻止相同的原因从我的表弟听；这有可能是他咨询的可能，我将尽力找机会把这封信放在你的手在清晨的课程。我只会补充，上帝保佑你。
“FITZWILLIAM DARCY”
“菲茨达西”
Chapter 36
36章
If Elizabeth, when Mr. Darcy gave her the letter, did not expect it to   contain a renewal of his offers, she had formed no expectation at all of   its contents. But such as they were, it may well be supposed how eagerly   she went through them, and what a contrariety of emotion they excited. Her   feelings as she read were scarcely to be defined. With amazement did she   first understand that he believed any apology to be in his power; and   steadfastly was she persuaded, that he could have no explanation to give,   which a just sense of shame would not conceal. With a strong prejudice   against everything he might say, she began his account of what had   happened at Netherfield. She read with an eagerness which hardly left her   power of comprehension, and from impatience of knowing what the next   sentence might bring, was incapable of attending to the sense of the one   before her eyes. His belief of her sister’s insensibility she instantly   resolved to be false; and his account of the real, the worst objections to   the match, made her too angry to have any wish of doing him justice. He   expressed no regret for what he had done which satisfied her; his style   was not penitent, but haughty. It was all pride and insolence.
如果伊丽莎白先生在达西给她这封信的时候，没有料到它会重新包含他的提议，她对它的内容毫无期待。但如他们，这很可能是怎样迫切她穿过他们，什么样的对立情绪就激动。她读书时的感情几乎无法确定。她惊奇地第一次明白，他相信任何道歉都是他的权力；她坚定地说服了他，他不可能给出任何解释，而这种羞愧感是不会掩盖的。对他可能说的一切强烈的偏见，她开始了自己在Netherfield所发生的帐户。她如饥似渴地读着，几乎没有留下理解的能力，而且由于不知道下一句话可能带来什么，她无法注意眼前的那个人的感觉。他相信她姐姐的感觉她马上决定是错误的；他的真实账户，到比赛最严重的反对，让她很生气得不想做他正义。他表示，他所做的事，使她不后悔；他的风格是不是忏悔，而是傲慢。这是所有的骄傲和傲慢。
But when this subject was succeeded by his account of Mr. Wickham—when   she read with somewhat clearer attention a relation of events which, if   true, must overthrow every cherished opinion of his worth, and which bore   so alarming an affinity to his own history of himself—her feelings   were yet more acutely painful and more difficult of definition.   Astonishment, apprehension, and even horror, oppressed her. She wished to   discredit it entirely, repeatedly exclaiming, “This must be false! This   cannot be! This must be the grossest falsehood!”—and when she had   gone through the whole letter, though scarcely knowing anything of the   last page or two, put it hastily away, protesting that she would not   regard it, that she would never look in it again.
但是当这个主题是接替他的威克姆先生的帐户时，她读的更清晰的关注事件的关系，如果是真的，每一个宝贵的意见必须推翻他的价值，和具有如此惊人的亲和力，对自己的自己，她的感情史还更深切的痛苦和定义更难。惊愕，恐惧，甚至恐惧，压迫着她。她希望诋毁它完全，反复说：“这肯定是假的！这不可能！这是不可能的！“当她把整个信都看了一遍，尽管对最后一两页几乎一无所知，赶紧把它放在一边，抗议她不去看它，她再也不看它了。
In this perturbed state of mind, with thoughts that could rest on nothing,   she walked on; but it would not do; in half a minute the letter was   unfolded again, and collecting herself as well as she could, she again   began the mortifying perusal of all that related to Wickham, and commanded   herself so far as to examine the meaning of every sentence. The account of   his connection with the Pemberley family was exactly what he had related   himself; and the kindness of the late Mr. Darcy, though she had not before   known its extent, agreed equally well with his own words. So far each   recital confirmed the other; but when she came to the will, the difference   was great. What Wickham had said of the living was fresh in her memory,   and as she recalled his very words, it was impossible not to feel that   there was gross duplicity on one side or the other; and, for a few   moments, she flattered herself that her wishes did not err. But when she   read and re-read with the closest attention, the particulars immediately   following of Wickham’s resigning all pretensions to the living, of his   receiving in lieu so considerable a sum as three thousand pounds, again   was she forced to hesitate. She put down the letter, weighed every   circumstance with what she meant to be impartiality—deliberated on   the probability of each statement—but with little success. On both   sides it was only assertion. Again she read on; but every line proved more   clearly that the affair, which she had believed it impossible that any   contrivance could so represent as to render Mr. Darcy’s conduct in it less   than infamous, was capable of a turn which must make him entirely   blameless throughout the whole.
在这种不安的心理状态，这可以放心，没有什么想法，她走了；但它不会做；在半分钟信被重新打开，并收集自己以及她可以，她又开始说阅读所有相关的威克姆，吩咐她只要检查每一个句子的意思。他与Pemberley的家庭连接的帐户正是他；和已故的达西先生的好意，虽然她没有见过的程度，同意同样用他自己的话来说。到目前为止，每一次演奏会都证实了另一个，但当她达到这个愿望时，差别就很大。威克姆所说的生活在她脑海中记忆犹新，当她回忆起自己的话，是不可能不觉得有毛口是心非在一边或另一边；和，一会儿，她自以为自己的愿望，她并没有错。但当她阅读和重读的密切注意，立即威克姆的辞职都自命生活以下详情，他接收代替，三千英镑的可观的一笔钱，又是她不得不犹豫。她放下信，权衡了每一种情况，用她所说的公正来斟酌每一个陈述的可能性，但收效甚微。双方都只是断言。她再次阅读；但每一行的证明更清楚这件事，她认为这是不可能的，任何的发明可以代表为达西先生的行为，它不出名，可一转，要让他完全无辜的整个。
The extravagance and general profligacy which he scrupled not to lay at   Mr. Wickham’s charge, exceedingly shocked her; the more so, as she could   bring no proof of its injustice. She had never heard of him before his   entrance into the ——shire Militia, in which he had engaged at   the persuasion of the young man who, on meeting him accidentally in town,   had there renewed a slight acquaintance. Of his former way of life nothing   had been known in Hertfordshire but what he told himself. As to his real   character, had information been in her power, she had never felt a wish of   inquiring. His countenance, voice, and manner had established him at once   in the possession of every virtue. She tried to recollect some instance of   goodness, some distinguished trait of integrity or benevolence, that might   rescue him from the attacks of Mr. Darcy; or at least, by the predominance   of virtue, atone for those casual errors under which she would endeavour   to class what Mr. Darcy had described as the idleness and vice of many   years’ continuance. But no such recollection befriended her. She could see   him instantly before her, in every charm of air and address; but she could   remember no more substantial good than the general approbation of the   neighbourhood, and the regard which his social powers had gained him in   the mess. After pausing on this point a considerable while, she once more   continued to read. But, alas! the story which followed, of his designs on   Miss Darcy, received some confirmation from what had passed between   Colonel Fitzwilliam and herself only the morning before; and at last she   was referred for the truth of every particular to Colonel Fitzwilliam   himself—from whom she had previously received the information of his   near concern in all his cousin’s affairs, and whose character she had no   reason to question. At one time she had almost resolved on applying to   him, but the idea was checked by the awkwardness of the application, and   at length wholly banished by the conviction that Mr. Darcy would never   have hazarded such a proposal, if he had not been well assured of his   cousin’s corroboration.
奢侈和浪费，他迟疑的一般不放在威克姆先生的指控，非常震惊，她；越是这样，她也提不出反证。在他加入郡民兵之前，她从未听说过他，他在年轻人的劝说下，在城里偶然遇见他，后来又结识了一个熟人。他以前的生活方式没有任何已知的在赫特福德郡，他告诉自己什么。至于他真实的性格，有她所掌握的信息，她从未有过探询的愿望。他的面容、声音和风度使他一下子掌握了一切美德。她试着回忆一些实例的善良，诚实仁爱的一些杰出的特质，这可能救他脱离达西先生的攻击；或者至少，德治的优势，弥补那些不经意的错误，她会努力类达西先生描述为懒惰和副多年延续。但没有这样的回忆的朋友。她能立刻看到他在每一个迷人的空气和地址，但她记得没有更大的好处比附近的一般认可，以及他的社会权力，使他在混乱中的地位。停顿了一会儿之后，她又继续读下去了。但是，唉！的故事之后，他设计的达西小姐，从过去的Fitzwilliam上校，自己只有在早上之前得到一定的确认；最后，她把每一个细节都对Fitzwilliam上校从她曾经接受过他的所有他表弟的事务在关注信息的事实，他的性格她没有理由的问题。在同一时间，她几乎已经决定用他，但这个想法是由应用程序的检查和尴尬，最后完全打消了念头，达西先生就不会冒这样的建议，如果他没有得到很好的保证他的表弟的佐证。
She perfectly remembered everything that had passed in conversation   between Wickham and herself, in their first evening at Mr. Phillips’s.   Many of his expressions were still fresh in her memory. She was now   struck with the impropriety of such communications to a stranger, and   wondered it had escaped her before. She saw the indelicacy of putting   himself forward as he had done, and the inconsistency of his professions   with his conduct. She remembered that he had boasted of having no fear of   seeing Mr. Darcy—that Mr. Darcy might leave the country, but that he   should stand his ground; yet he had avoided the Netherfield ball the very   next week. She remembered also that, till the Netherfield family had   quitted the country, he had told his story to no one but herself; but that   after their removal it had been everywhere discussed; that he had then no   reserves, no scruples in sinking Mr. Darcy’s character, though he had   assured her that respect for the father would always prevent his exposing   the son.
她完全记得威克姆和她在菲利浦斯先生的第一个晚上在谈话中所经历的一切。她现在被一个陌生人这样的沟通不当，并想逃脱了她之前。她看到自己为他做的下流，和他与他的职业不一致的行为。她记起了他曾经吹嘘不怕看见达西先生，达西先生可能会离开该国，但他应该坚持自己的立场；但他避免了Netherfield球非常下周。她记住了，直到Netherfield的家人已经离开了这个国家，他告诉他的故事，但没有一个自己；但是，去除它已经到处都是了；他再没有储备，在下沉的达西先生的性格毫无顾忌，尽管他向她保证，对于父亲的尊重总是防止他暴露的儿子。
How differently did everything now appear in which he was concerned! His   attentions to Miss King were now the consequence of views solely and   hatefully mercenary; and the mediocrity of her fortune proved no longer   the moderation of his wishes, but his eagerness to grasp at anything. His   behaviour to herself could now have had no tolerable motive; he had either   been deceived with regard to her fortune, or had been gratifying his   vanity by encouraging the preference which she believed she had most   incautiously shown. Every lingering struggle in his favour grew fainter   and fainter; and in farther justification of Mr. Darcy, she could not but   allow that Mr. Bingley, when questioned by Jane, had long ago asserted his   blamelessness in the affair; that proud and repulsive as were his manners,   she had never, in the whole course of their acquaintance—an   acquaintance which had latterly brought them much together, and given her   a sort of intimacy with his ways—seen anything that betrayed him to   be unprincipled or unjust—anything that spoke him of irreligious or   immoral habits; that among his own connections he was esteemed and valued—that   even Wickham had allowed him merit as a brother, and that she had often   heard him speak so affectionately of his sister as to prove him capable of   some amiable feeling; that had his actions been what Mr. Wickham   represented them, so gross a violation of everything right could hardly   have been concealed from the world; and that friendship between a person   capable of it, and such an amiable man as Mr. Bingley, was   incomprehensible.
他现在所关心的一切都有什么不同？！他对金小姐的关注已经完全和可恨唯利是图的观点的后果；和她的命运不再平庸证明他的愿望的节制，但他急于抓住任何东西。他的行为对自己的动机也不见得好；他有了关于她的财富，还是鼓励她认为她最鲁莽的偏好显示是可喜的他的虚荣心。每一个挥之不去的斗争对他有利越来越微弱；而达西先生进一步的理由，她不能不让宾利先生，当被简，早已宣称自己无罪的事；那骄傲和排斥的是他的态度，她从来没有，在他们相识的熟人了后来给了他们很多在一起的整个过程，并给了她一种用自己的方式看任何背叛他是不道德的或不公正的事，说他不信教或不道德的习惯亲密；他自己的连接很尊敬他，值，甚至威克姆也承认他不愧为一个兄弟之间，和她经常听到他说的那么爱tionately妹妹来证明他具有亲切感；有他的所作所为威克姆先生代表他们，所以违反一切权利，几乎不可能被隐藏的世界；而友谊的能力的人之间，而像宾利先生这样一个平易近人的人，是难以理解的。
She grew absolutely ashamed of herself. Of neither Darcy nor Wickham could   she think without feeling she had been blind, partial, prejudiced, absurd.
她完全为自己感到羞愧。达西和威克姆都不觉得她是盲目的、片面的、偏见的、荒谬的。
“How despicably I have acted!” she cried; “I, who have prided myself on my   discernment! I, who have valued myself on my abilities! who have often   disdained the generous candour of my sister, and gratified my vanity in   useless or blameable mistrust! How humiliating is this discovery! Yet, how   just a humiliation! Had I been in love, I could not have been more   wretchedly blind! But vanity, not love, has been my folly. Pleased with   the preference of one, and offended by the neglect of the other, on the   very beginning of our acquaintance, I have courted prepossession and   ignorance, and driven reason away, where either were concerned. Till this   moment I never knew myself.”
“我是多么卑鄙！”她哭着说；“我曾自豪于我的法眼！我重视自己的能力！一向看不起我姐姐的慷慨直率，欣慰我的虚荣心在无用的或有过失的不信任！这一发现有多丢脸？！然而，这只是一种耻辱！我的爱，我不可能有更多的可怜的盲人！但虚荣，而不是爱情，是我的愚蠢。很高兴有一个偏好，并通过忽略另一生气，就很我们相识开始，我追求的偏见和无知，和驱动的原因了，无论是被关注。直到这一刻，我才知道我自己。”
From herself to Jane—from Jane to Bingley, her thoughts were in a   line which soon brought to her recollection that Mr. Darcy’s explanation   there had appeared very insufficient, and she read it again. Widely   different was the effect of a second perusal. How could she deny that   credit to his assertions in one instance, which she had been obliged to   give in the other? He declared himself to be totally unsuspicious of her   sister’s attachment; and she could not help remembering what Charlotte’s   opinion had always been. Neither could she deny the justice of his   description of Jane. She felt that Jane’s feelings, though fervent, were   little displayed, and that there was a constant complacency in her air and   manner not often united with great sensibility.
从自己到简，从简到宾利，她的想法都很清楚，很快就使她想起达西先生的解释显得很不充分，她又读了一遍。不同的是一个二阅读的影响。她怎么能在一个例子中否认这一点呢？他说他完全不怀疑姐姐的依恋；她不禁想起了什么一直是夏洛特的意见。她也不能否认他对简的描述是公正的。她觉得简的感情虽然炽热，但却很少表现出来，她的神态和神态总是不停地沾沾自喜，不常与伟大的情感结合在一起。
When she came to that part of the letter in which her family were   mentioned in terms of such mortifying, yet merited reproach, her sense of   shame was severe. The justice of the charge struck her too forcibly for   denial, and the circumstances to which he particularly alluded as having   passed at the Netherfield ball, and as confirming all his first   disapprobation, could not have made a stronger impression on his mind than   on hers.
当她来到，在这种屈辱的条款提到了她家人的信的一部分，但应得的责备，她的羞耻感严重。电荷的正义让她太用力拒绝，和的情况下，他特别提到，有在Netherfield的传球，并确认所有他的第一个不答应，不能把他的心比她的更强烈的印象。
The compliment to herself and her sister was not unfelt. It soothed, but   it could not console her for the contempt which had thus been   self-attracted by the rest of her family; and as she considered that   Jane’s disappointment had in fact been the work of her nearest relations,   and reflected how materially the credit of both must be hurt by such   impropriety of conduct, she felt depressed beyond anything she had ever   known before.
恭维她和她姐姐没有感受过的。它安慰，但它不能，因此自家人受到轻视安慰她；当她认为简的失望，事实上是她最近的工作关系，并反映出重大的信用必须通过这种不当行为的伤害，她感到沮丧除了她以前知道的东西。
After wandering along the lane for two hours, giving way to every variety   of thought—re-considering events, determining probabilities, and   reconciling herself, as well as she could, to a change so sudden and so   important, fatigue, and a recollection of her long absence, made her at   length return home; and she entered the house with the wish of appearing   cheerful as usual, and the resolution of repressing such reflections as   must make her unfit for conversation.
她沿着小路走了两个小时，让重新考虑事件，确定概率思想的每一个品种，和调节自己，尽她所能，去改变如此突然如此重要，疲劳，和回忆她的长期缺席，使她终于回家；她进入房子随着象平常一样愉快的愿望，并抑制这种反射的分辨率必须使她不适合谈话。
She was immediately told that the two gentlemen from Rosings had each   called during her absence; Mr. Darcy, only for a few minutes, to take   leave—but that Colonel Fitzwilliam had been sitting with them at   least an hour, hoping for her return, and almost resolving to walk after   her till she could be found. Elizabeth could but just affect   concern in missing him; she really rejoiced at it. Colonel Fitzwilliam was   no longer an object; she could think only of her letter.
她立即告诉Rosings这两位先生都在她缺席的情况下，被称为；达西先生，只有几分钟，就离开，但Fitzwilliam上校已经至少一个小时，他们坐着，希望她回来，几乎解决走后她才被发现。伊丽莎白只会影响对他思念的关心；她真的很高兴。Fitzwilliam上校不再是一个对象；她想到的只有那封信。
Chapter 37
37章
The two gentlemen left Rosings the next morning, and Mr. Collins having   been in waiting near the lodges, to make them his parting obeisance, was   able to bring home the pleasing intelligence, of their appearing in very   good health, and in as tolerable spirits as could be expected, after the   melancholy scene so lately gone through at Rosings. To Rosings he then   hastened, to console Lady Catherine and her daughter; and on his return   brought back, with great satisfaction, a message from her ladyship,   importing that she felt herself so dull as to make her very desirous of   having them all to dine with her.
两位绅士离开了罗新斯的次日早晨，Collins先生已经在附近的旅馆，让他们告别敬礼，能够给家里带来了愉快的消息，身很健康，在可容忍的精神是可以预期的，忧郁的场景以后罗新斯。他又赶到罗新斯，安慰Lady Catherine和她的女儿；而他回来带回来的，非常满意，从夫人的消息，进口，她觉得自己这样平淡的使她非常希望他们都和她一起吃饭。
Elizabeth could not see Lady Catherine without recollecting that, had she   chosen it, she might by this time have been presented to her as her future   niece; nor could she think, without a smile, of what her ladyship’s   indignation would have been. “What would she have said? how would she have   behaved?” were questions with which she amused herself.
伊丽莎白看不见Lady Catherine没有想到，她选择了它，她可以用这段时间一直在她为她未来的侄女；她也不能想，没有微笑，什么夫人的愤慨会。“她会怎么说？她会怎样表现？“这是她自娱自乐的问题吗？”。
Their first subject was the diminution of the Rosings party. “I assure   you, I feel it exceedingly,” said Lady Catherine; “I believe no one feels   the loss of friends so much as I do. But I am particularly attached to   these young men, and know them to be so much attached to me! They were   excessively sorry to go! But so they always are. The dear Colonel rallied   his spirits tolerably till just at last; but Darcy seemed to feel it most   acutely, more, I think, than last year. His attachment to Rosings   certainly increases.”
他们的第一个主题是谈到罗新斯佳宾星散。“我向你保证，我感觉非常好，”Lady Catherine说，“我相信没有人会像我这样失去朋友的感觉。”。但我特别喜欢这些年轻人，我知道他们对我非常依恋！他们非常遗憾地去了！但他们总是这样。亲爱的上校恢复了精神到最后才算；但达西看上去最难过的，更多的，我认为，比去年。他对罗新斯当然增加附件。”
Mr. Collins had a compliment, and an allusion to throw in here, which were   kindly smiled on by the mother and daughter.
Collins先生说了一句恭维话，顺便说了一句：“顺便进来，母女俩都笑了。”。
Lady Catherine observed, after dinner, that Miss Bennet seemed out of   spirits, and immediately accounting for it by herself, by supposing that   she did not like to go home again so soon, she added:
晚饭后，Lady Catherine注意到Bennet小姐似乎情绪不太好，她马上就把这事算出来了，因为她以为她不想这么快就回家了，她补充说：
“But if that is the case, you must write to your mother and beg that you   may stay a little longer. Mrs. Collins will be very glad of your company,   I am sure.”
“如果是这样的话，你必须给你母亲写信，请求你能多呆一会儿。我相信Collins太太会很高兴和你在一起的。
“I am much obliged to your ladyship for your kind invitation,” replied   Elizabeth, “but it is not in my power to accept it. I must be in town next   Saturday.”
“我非常感激您夫人的盛情邀请，”伊丽莎白答道，“但我没有权力去接受它。下星期六我一定在城里。”
“Why, at that rate, you will have been here only six weeks. I expected you   to stay two months. I told Mrs. Collins so before you came. There can be   no occasion for your going so soon. Mrs. Bennet could certainly spare you   for another fortnight.”
“怎么，按这样的速度，你只会在这里呆六个星期。”。我希望你能呆两个月。在你来之前，我告诉过Collins太太。你不可能这么快就走。Bennet太太当然可以再给你两个星期的假。”
“But my father cannot. He wrote last week to hurry my return.”
“但是我父亲不能。他上星期写信催我快点回来。”
“Oh! your father of course may spare you, if your mother can. Daughters   are never of so much consequence to a father. And if you will stay another   month complete, it will be in my power to take one of you as far as   London, for I am going there early in June, for a week; and as Dawson does   not object to the barouche-box, there will be very good room for one of   you—and indeed, if the weather should happen to be cool, I should   not object to taking you both, as you are neither of you large.”
“哦！如果你母亲能，你父亲当然会饶了你。女儿对父亲从来没有那么重要的影响。如果你将呆满一个月，我可以带你到伦敦，我去那里，早在六月，一个星期；而Dawson并不反对坐在马车箱，会有很好的房间，你们中的一个，事实上，如果天气要凉了，我不应该反对你，你都没有你的大。”
“You are all kindness, madam; but I believe we must abide by our original   plan.”
“您们都很好，夫人，但我相信我们必须遵守我们原来的计划。”
Lady Catherine seemed resigned. “Mrs. Collins, you must send a servant   with them. You know I always speak my mind, and I cannot bear the idea of   two young women travelling post by themselves. It is highly improper. You   must contrive to send somebody. I have the greatest dislike in the world   to that sort of thing. Young women should always be properly guarded and   attended, according to their situation in life. When my niece Georgiana   went to Ramsgate last summer, I made a point of her having two   men-servants go with her. Miss Darcy, the daughter of Mr. Darcy, of   Pemberley, and Lady Anne, could not have appeared with propriety in a   different manner. I am excessively attentive to all those things. You must   send John with the young ladies, Mrs. Collins. I am glad it occurred to me   to mention it; for it would really be discreditable to you to let   them go alone.”
Lady Catherine似乎辞职了。“Collins太太，你必须派一个佣人来。你知道我总是说出我的想法，我无法忍受两个年轻女人独自旅行的想法。这是非常不恰当的。你必须设法派人。我对这种事最讨厌。年轻妇女应该根据自己的生活状况得到适当的保护和照顾。当我的侄女Georgiana去拉姆斯盖特去年夏天，我做了一点，她有两个男仆人陪她。达西小姐，达西先生的女儿，因此，Lady Anne不可能有失体统。我对所有这些事情都非常注意。你必须派约翰和年轻女士一起去，Collins太太。我很高兴它发生在我提到它；因为它真的会失信于你能让他们单独去。”
“My uncle is to send a servant for us.”
“我叔叔要派一个仆人来接我们。”
“Oh! Your uncle! He keeps a man-servant, does he? I am very glad you have   somebody who thinks of these things. Where shall you change horses? Oh!   Bromley, of course. If you mention my name at the Bell, you will be   attended to.”
“哦！你的叔叔！他养了一个男佣人，是吗？我很高兴你有人会考虑这些事情。你在哪里换马？哦!当然是布罗姆利。如果你在钟上提到我的名字，你将受到照顾。”
Lady Catherine had many other questions to ask respecting their journey,   and as she did not answer them all herself, attention was necessary, which   Elizabeth believed to be lucky for her; or, with a mind so occupied, she   might have forgotten where she was. Reflection must be reserved for   solitary hours; whenever she was alone, she gave way to it as the greatest   relief; and not a day went by without a solitary walk, in which she might   indulge in all the delight of unpleasant recollections.
Lady Catherine还有许多其他的问题要问他们的旅程，因为她自己都没有回答，所以注意是必要的，伊丽莎白认为这对她来说是幸运的；或者，由于头脑如此忙碌，她可能已经忘记了她在哪里。思考必须留给独处的时间；每当她独自一人时，她就把它当作是最大的解脱；没有一天不走一走，她就可以沉浸在不愉快的回忆中。
Mr. Darcy’s letter she was in a fair way of soon knowing by heart. She   studied every sentence; and her feelings towards its writer were at times   widely different. When she remembered the style of his address, she was   still full of indignation; but when she considered how unjustly she had   condemned and upbraided him, her anger was turned against herself; and his   disappointed feelings became the object of compassion. His attachment   excited gratitude, his general character respect; but she could not   approve him; nor could she for a moment repent her refusal, or feel the   slightest inclination ever to see him again. In her own past behaviour,   there was a constant source of vexation and regret; and in the unhappy   defects of her family, a subject of yet heavier chagrin. They were   hopeless of remedy. Her father, contented with laughing at them, would   never exert himself to restrain the wild giddiness of his youngest   daughters; and her mother, with manners so far from right herself, was   entirely insensible of the evil. Elizabeth had frequently united with Jane   in an endeavour to check the imprudence of Catherine and Lydia; but while   they were supported by their mother’s indulgence, what chance could there   be of improvement? Catherine, weak-spirited, irritable, and completely   under Lydia’s guidance, had been always affronted by their advice; and   Lydia, self-willed and careless, would scarcely give them a hearing. They   were ignorant, idle, and vain. While there was an officer in Meryton, they   would flirt with him; and while Meryton was within a walk of Longbourn,   they would be going there forever.
达西先生的信，她很快就知道了。她研究了每一句话；她对作者的感情有时大相径庭。当她想起他演讲的风格，她仍然充满了愤怒；但是当她考虑怎样错怪了他，责备他，她的愤怒是背叛了自己；他那沮丧的情绪成为怜悯的对象。他的感情引起了他的感激，他对一般人的尊敬，但她不能赞同他；她也不能暂时后悔她的拒绝，或感到有丝毫的倾向再次见到他。在她过去的行为中，有一种持续的烦恼和后悔的根源；在她家庭的不幸缺陷中，这是一个更加沉重的懊恼。他们不可救药了。她的父亲，一笑置之，懒得去约束他最小的女儿野眩晕；她的母亲，有礼貌的对自己到目前为止，完全不知恶。伊丽莎白常常联合简企图去看看凯瑟琳和丽迪雅的轻率；但当他们母亲的纵容，还会有什么长进的机会？凯瑟琳，意志薄弱，易怒，完全在丽迪雅的指导下，一直被他们的建议；丽迪雅，任性和粗心，不会给他们听。他们无知，懒散，虚荣。而在Meryton有一个官，他们会与他调情；而麦里屯是在走Longbourn，他们将永远不会有。
Anxiety on Jane’s behalf was another prevailing concern; and Mr. Darcy’s   explanation, by restoring Bingley to all her former good opinion,   heightened the sense of what Jane had lost. His affection was proved to   have been sincere, and his conduct cleared of all blame, unless any could   attach to the implicitness of his confidence in his friend. How grievous   then was the thought that, of a situation so desirable in every respect,   so replete with advantage, so promising for happiness, Jane had been   deprived, by the folly and indecorum of her own family!
对简的焦虑是另一个普遍关注的问题；达西先生的解释使宾利恢复了她以前的好观点，加深了简的失落感。他的感情被证明是真诚的，他的行为清除了所有的指责，除非任何可以连接到他的朋友的信心的含蓄。多么严重的则是认为，一个情况在各方面都那么好，有优势，充实，幸福如此光明，简被剥夺，被愚蠢和她的家人的失礼！
When to these recollections was added the development of Wickham’s   character, it may be easily believed that the happy spirits which had   seldom been depressed before, were now so much affected as to make it   almost impossible for her to appear tolerably cheerful.
当这些回忆了威克姆性格的发展，它可以很容易地相信，这很少被压抑在快乐的精神，现在这么多的影响，使它几乎不可能为她显得相当开朗。
Their engagements at Rosings were as frequent during the last week of her   stay as they had been at first. The very last evening was spent there; and   her ladyship again inquired minutely into the particulars of their   journey, gave them directions as to the best method of packing, and was so   urgent on the necessity of placing gowns in the only right way, that Maria   thought herself obliged, on her return, to undo all the work of the   morning, and pack her trunk afresh.
他们的活动被频繁罗新斯她呆在上周就已经开始。最后一个晚上在那里；和夫人再次询问详细的为他们的旅行细节，给他们指示来包装的最佳方法，是如此迫切于放置礼服的唯一正确途径的必要性，玛丽亚认为自己有义务，对她的回报，撤消所有的早晨工作，并重新收拾箱子。
When they parted, Lady Catherine, with great condescension, wished them a   good journey, and invited them to come to Hunsford again next year; and   Miss de Bourgh exerted herself so far as to curtsey and hold out her hand   to both.
当他们分手了，Lady Catherine很谦虚，祝他们一路平安，并邀请他们来Hunsford明年再来；de Bourgh小姐发挥自己就行，伸出她的手来。
Chapter 38
38章
On Saturday morning Elizabeth and Mr. Collins met for breakfast a few   minutes before the others appeared; and he took the opportunity of paying   the parting civilities which he deemed indispensably necessary.
星期六早上，伊丽莎白和Collins先生在早餐前几分钟，其他人出现了；他抓住机会付出离别的客套他认为不可缺少的必要。
“I know not, Miss Elizabeth,” said he, “whether Mrs. Collins has yet   expressed her sense of your kindness in coming to us; but I am very   certain you will not leave the house without receiving her thanks for it.   The favour of your company has been much felt, I assure you. We know how   little there is to tempt anyone to our humble abode. Our plain manner of   living, our small rooms and few domestics, and the little we see of the   world, must make Hunsford extremely dull to a young lady like yourself;   but I hope you will believe us grateful for the condescension, and that we   have done everything in our power to prevent your spending your time   unpleasantly.”
“我不知道，伊丽莎白小姐，”他说，“Collins太太是否还表示了你对我们的好意，但我非常肯定你不会离开家而没有得到她的感谢。我向你们保证，贵公司的支持已被广泛接受。我们知道诱惑别人到我们简陋的住所是没有什么吸引力的。我们简单的生活方式，我们的小房间和几个佣人，和小我们看到的世界，必须做汉斯福一年轻女士喜欢自己无聊极了；但是我希望你能相信我们感激的谦虚，和我们已经做了一切力量阻止你花你的时间的。”
Elizabeth was eager with her thanks and assurances of happiness. She had   spent six weeks with great enjoyment; and the pleasure of being with   Charlotte, and the kind attentions she had received, must make her   feel the obliged. Mr. Collins was gratified, and with a more smiling   solemnity replied:
伊丽莎白渴望得到她的感谢和幸福的保证。她花了六个星期的时间过得非常愉快；和夏洛特在一起的乐趣以及她得到的亲切关怀，一定使她感到有责任感。Collins先生很满意，脸上露出了更加严肃的笑容：
“It gives me great pleasure to hear that you have passed your time not   disagreeably. We have certainly done our best; and most fortunately having   it in our power to introduce you to very superior society, and, from our   connection with Rosings, the frequent means of varying the humble home   scene, I think we may flatter ourselves that your Hunsford visit cannot   have been entirely irksome. Our situation with regard to Lady Catherine’s   family is indeed the sort of extraordinary advantage and blessing which   few can boast. You see on what a footing we are. You see how continually   we are engaged there. In truth I must acknowledge that, with all the   disadvantages of this humble parsonage, I should not think anyone abiding   in it an object of compassion, while they are sharers of our intimacy at   Rosings.”
“它让我听到你过得不愉快不愉快。我们已经尽力了；最幸运的是有它在我们的力量把你介绍给上流社会，和，从我们与Rosings不同的家居简陋场景频繁的手段，我认为我们可以相信你已经无法完全讨厌汉斯福的访问。我们在Lady Catherine家里的处境确实是一种少数人能夸耀的非凡优势和祝福。你看我们是多么的立足点。你知道我们有多频繁地订婚吗？。事实上我必须承认，在这个不起眼的牧师所有的缺点，我不想在这一个慈悲的对象持久的人，而他们是我们的亲密关系在罗新斯的共享者。”
Words were insufficient for the elevation of his feelings; and he was   obliged to walk about the room, while Elizabeth tried to unite civility   and truth in a few short sentences.
言语不足以使他情绪升高，他不得不在房间里走来走去，而伊丽莎白则试图用短短的几句话把礼貌和真理结合起来。
“You may, in fact, carry a very favourable report of us into   Hertfordshire, my dear cousin. I flatter myself at least that you will be   able to do so. Lady Catherine’s great attentions to Mrs. Collins you have   been a daily witness of; and altogether I trust it does not appear that   your friend has drawn an unfortunate—but on this point it will be as   well to be silent. Only let me assure you, my dear Miss Elizabeth, that I   can from my heart most cordially wish you equal felicity in marriage. My   dear Charlotte and I have but one mind and one way of thinking. There is   in everything a most remarkable resemblance of character and ideas between   us. We seem to have been designed for each other.”
“你可以，事实上，把我们非常有利的报告到哈福德郡，亲爱的表妹。我自以为至少你能做到这一点。Lady Catherine对Collins夫人的极大关注，你每天都在作证；我完全相信你的朋友似乎没有引起不幸，但在这一点上，还是保持沉默为好。我只向你保证，我亲爱的伊丽莎白小姐，我衷心祝愿你婚姻幸福。我亲爱的夏洛特和我只有一个想法和一种思维方式。我们之间的性格和思想有极显著的相似之处。我们似乎是为彼此而设计的。”
Elizabeth could safely say that it was a great happiness where that was   the case, and with equal sincerity could add, that she firmly believed and   rejoiced in his domestic comforts. She was not sorry, however, to have the   recital of them interrupted by the lady from whom they sprang. Poor   Charlotte! it was melancholy to leave her to such society! But she had   chosen it with her eyes open; and though evidently regretting that her   visitors were to go, she did not seem to ask for compassion. Her home and   her housekeeping, her parish and her poultry, and all their dependent   concerns, had not yet lost their charms.
伊丽莎白可以放心地说，在这种情况下，这是一种莫大的幸福，她可以真诚地相信并为自己的家庭生活感到高兴。然而，她并不感到遗憾，因为他们的演奏打断了他们所跳的那位女士的演奏。Poor Charlotte！把她留给这样的社会是令人沮丧的！但她还是用眼睛把它挑了出来，虽然显然对她的来访者感到遗憾，但她似乎并没有请求怜悯。她的家和家务，教区和家禽，以及所有他们所关心的，还没有失去他们的魅力。
At length the chaise arrived, the trunks were fastened on, the parcels   placed within, and it was pronounced to be ready. After an affectionate   parting between the friends, Elizabeth was attended to the carriage by Mr.   Collins, and as they walked down the garden he was commissioning her with   his best respects to all her family, not forgetting his thanks for the   kindness he had received at Longbourn in the winter, and his compliments   to Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, though unknown. He then handed her in, Maria   followed, and the door was on the point of being closed, when he suddenly   reminded them, with some consternation, that they had hitherto forgotten   to leave any message for the ladies at Rosings.
最后，马车到了，箱子都被固定，包裹放进，很明显的准备。朋友间的深情离别后，伊丽莎白参加了由Collins先生的马车，当他们走下花园，他委托她与自己最好的方面，她所有的家人，不要忘记他去年冬天在Longbourn收到的好意感谢，和他对加德纳先生和夫人致意，虽然未知。然后他递给她，玛丽亚跟在后面，而且门被关上，当他突然想起他们，有些惊愕，他们还忘了给罗新斯的女士们留下任何消息。
“But,” he added, “you will of course wish to have your humble respects   delivered to them, with your grateful thanks for their kindness to you   while you have been here.”
“但是，”他补充道，“你当然希望你能向他们表达你的谦恭之情，并感谢你在这里时对他们的友好。”
Elizabeth made no objection; the door was then allowed to be shut, and the   carriage drove off.
伊丽莎白不反对，把门关上，马车开走了。
“Good gracious!” cried Maria, after a few minutes’ silence, “it seems but   a day or two since we first came! and yet how many things have happened!”
“仁慈的！玛丽亚沉默了几分钟后叫道：“从我们第一次来，似乎只有一两天了！然而，究竟发生了多少事情？！“
“A great many indeed,” said her companion with a sigh.
“真是太多了，”她的同伴叹了口气说。
“We have dined nine times at Rosings, besides drinking tea there twice!   How much I shall have to tell!”
“我们已经在九次在罗新斯，除了喝两次茶！我要告诉你多少！“
Elizabeth added privately, “And how much I shall have to conceal!”
伊丽莎白私下说：“我要隐瞒多少呢？！“
Their journey was performed without much conversation, or any alarm; and   within four hours of their leaving Hunsford they reached Mr. Gardiner’s   house, where they were to remain a few days.
他们一路上没有说什么话，或任何报警；并在四小时内离开汉斯福他们到加德纳先生的房子，他们在那里停留几天。
Jane looked well, and Elizabeth had little opportunity of studying her   spirits, amidst the various engagements which the kindness of her aunt had   reserved for them. But Jane was to go home with her, and at Longbourn   there would be leisure enough for observation.
简看上去很好，伊丽莎白几乎没有机会去研究她的精神，在她姑母为他们保留的各种各样的活动中。但简把她带回家去，在Longbourn会有闲暇的时间观察。
It was not without an effort, meanwhile, that she could wait even for   Longbourn, before she told her sister of Mr. Darcy’s proposals. To know   that she had the power of revealing what would so exceedingly astonish   Jane, and must, at the same time, so highly gratify whatever of her own   vanity she had not yet been able to reason away, was such a temptation to   openness as nothing could have conquered but the state of indecision in   which she remained as to the extent of what she should communicate; and   her fear, if she once entered on the subject, of being hurried into   repeating something of Bingley which might only grieve her sister further.
不是没有努力，与此同时，她再为Longbourn，之前她告诉达西先生的建议，姐姐。要知道，她有什么极度震惊的简透露，和必须的力量，同时，高度满足不管自己的虚荣心她没有理由离开，是一个诱惑的开放也无法征服而犹豫不决，她仍然为什么样的程度她应该沟通；她害怕，她一旦进入主题，被赶到Bingley，可能只有悲伤的重复她姐姐进一步的东西。
Chapter 39
39章
It was the second week in May, in which the three young ladies set out   together from Gracechurch Street for the town of ——, in   Hertfordshire; and, as they drew near the appointed inn where Mr. Bennet’s   carriage was to meet them, they quickly perceived, in token of the   coachman’s punctuality, both Kitty and Lydia looking out of a dining-room   up stairs. These two girls had been above an hour in the place, happily   employed in visiting an opposite milliner, watching the sentinel on guard,   and dressing a salad and cucumber.
它是在五月的第二个星期，在这三位年轻的小姐一起出发从天恩寺街为镇，赫特福德郡；和，当他们接近指定的酒店，Bennet先生的马车去迎接他们，他们很快察觉，在车夫的守时的道理，基蒂和丽迪雅寻找一个餐厅的楼梯。这两个姑娘已经在地方一小时以上，高高兴兴地光对面的一家帽子店，看了看站岗的哨兵，和色拉和黄瓜。
After welcoming their sisters, they triumphantly displayed a table set out   with such cold meat as an inn larder usually affords, exclaiming, “Is not   this nice? Is not this an agreeable surprise?”
在欢迎他们的姐妹，他们得意洋洋地摆出这样的冷肉作为酒店通常提供食物，说：“这不是很好吗？这难道不是一个惊喜吗？“
“And we mean to treat you all,” added Lydia, “but you must lend us the   money, for we have just spent ours at the shop out there.” Then, showing   her purchases—“Look here, I have bought this bonnet. I do not think   it is very pretty; but I thought I might as well buy it as not. I shall   pull it to pieces as soon as I get home, and see if I can make it up any   better.”
“我们的意思是要善待你们，”丽迪雅补充道，“但是你们必须把钱借给我们，因为我们刚刚在店里买了我们的东西。”然后，她拿出她的购物单。“看，我买了这顶帽子。”。我认为它不是很漂亮，但我想我还是买它为好。我一到家就把它撕成碎片，看看我能不能把它补好。
And when her sisters abused it as ugly, she added, with perfect unconcern,   “Oh! but there were two or three much uglier in the shop; and when I have   bought some prettier-coloured satin to trim it with fresh, I think it will   be very tolerable. Besides, it will not much signify what one wears this   summer, after the ——shire have left Meryton, and they are   going in a fortnight.”
当她的姐姐们滥用它丑陋，她补充说，完美的冷漠，“哦！但有两个或三个非常讨厌的商店里；当我买了些颜色漂亮的缎子修剪它的新鲜，我认为这将是很不错的。除此之外，什么都无所谓的人穿着这个夏天，在Shire离开麦里屯，他们准备在两周。”
“Are they indeed!” cried Elizabeth, with the greatest satisfaction.
“真的吗？！伊丽莎白极其满意地叫道。
“They are going to be encamped near Brighton; and I do so want papa to   take us all there for the summer! It would be such a delicious scheme; and   I dare say would hardly cost anything at all. Mamma would like to go too   of all things! Only think what a miserable summer else we shall have!”
“他们就要驻扎在布赖顿；我真希望爸爸带我们那里的夏天！这将是一个非常好的计划，我敢说几乎一点也不花多少钱。妈妈也愿意去做所有的事情！只想到我们将度过一个多么悲惨的夏天！“
“Yes,” thought Elizabeth, “that would be a delightful scheme   indeed, and completely do for us at once. Good Heaven! Brighton, and a   whole campful of soldiers, to us, who have been overset already by one   poor regiment of militia, and the monthly balls of Meryton!”
“是的，”伊丽莎白想，“那的确是一个令人愉快的计划，完全可以马上为我们做。好的天堂！布赖顿，一整营的士兵，我们，谁被嵌套已经可怜的民兵团，与麦里屯月球！“
“Now I have got some news for you,” said Lydia, as they sat down at table.   “What do you think? It is excellent news—capital news—and   about a certain person we all like!”
“现在我有一些消息告诉你，”丽迪雅说，他们坐在桌子旁。“你觉得怎么样？这是一个极好的新闻，关于我们都喜欢的人的新闻！“
Jane and Elizabeth looked at each other, and the waiter was told he need   not stay. Lydia laughed, and said:
珍妮和伊丽莎白互相看着对方，告诉侍者他不必留下来。丽迪雅笑着说：
“Aye, that is just like your formality and discretion. You thought the   waiter must not hear, as if he cared! I dare say he often hears worse   things said than I am going to say. But he is an ugly fellow! I am glad he   is gone. I never saw such a long chin in my life. Well, but now for my   news; it is about dear Wickham; too good for the waiter, is it not? There   is no danger of Wickham’s marrying Mary King. There’s for you! She is gone   down to her uncle at Liverpool: gone to stay. Wickham is safe.”
“是的，那就像你的手续和谨慎。你以为侍者不该听，好像他在乎似的！我敢说他经常听到比我说的更糟的话。但他是个丑陋的家伙！我很高兴他走了。我一生中从没见过这么长的下巴。好吧，但是现在我的消息是关于亲爱的威克姆，对侍者来说太好了，不是吗？威克姆和Mary King结婚没有危险。这是给你的！她去利物浦的叔叔家住了。威克姆是安全的。”
“And Mary King is safe!” added Elizabeth; “safe from a connection   imprudent as to fortune.”
“Mary King是安全的！”伊丽莎白说；“安全连接轻率地财富。”
“She is a great fool for going away, if she liked him.”
“如果她喜欢他，她走开是个大傻瓜。”
“But I hope there is no strong attachment on either side,” said Jane.
简说：“但我希望两边都没有强烈的依恋。”。
“I am sure there is not on his. I will answer for it, he never   cared three straws about her—who could about such a nasty little   freckled thing?”
“我敢肯定他没有。我会回答，他从不关心她，谁能对这样一个讨厌的小雀斑的事三吸管？“
Elizabeth was shocked to think that, however incapable of such coarseness   of expression herself, the coarseness of the sentiment was   little other than her own breast had harboured and fancied liberal!
伊丽莎白觉得震惊，但是不能这样粗糙的表达自己的情绪，粗糙度很小的其他比自己的乳房心里幻想的自由！
As soon as all had ate, and the elder ones paid, the carriage was ordered;   and after some contrivance, the whole party, with all their boxes,   work-bags, and parcels, and the unwelcome addition of Kitty’s and Lydia’s   purchases, were seated in it.
只要有吃的，和姐姐们支付，运输是有序的；经过一些设计，整个聚会，他们所有的盒子，工作包，和包裹，和吉蒂和丽迪雅的购买不受欢迎的，坐在这。
“How nicely we are all crammed in,” cried Lydia. “I am glad I bought my   bonnet, if it is only for the fun of having another bandbox! Well, now let   us be quite comfortable and snug, and talk and laugh all the way home. And   in the first place, let us hear what has happened to you all since you   went away. Have you seen any pleasant men? Have you had any flirting? I   was in great hopes that one of you would have got a husband before you   came back. Jane will be quite an old maid soon, I declare. She is almost   three-and-twenty! Lord, how ashamed I should be of not being married   before three-and-twenty! My aunt Phillips wants you so to get husbands,   you can’t think. She says Lizzy had better have taken Mr. Collins; but I   do not think there would have been any fun in it. Lord! how I should like   to be married before any of you; and then I would chaperon you about to   all the balls. Dear me! we had such a good piece of fun the other day at   Colonel Forster’s. Kitty and me were to spend the day there, and Mrs.   Forster promised to have a little dance in the evening; (by the bye, Mrs.   Forster and me are such friends!) and so she asked the two   Harringtons to come, but Harriet was ill, and so Pen was forced to come by   herself; and then, what do you think we did? We dressed up Chamberlayne in   woman’s clothes on purpose to pass for a lady, only think what fun! Not a   soul knew of it, but Colonel and Mrs. Forster, and Kitty and me, except my   aunt, for we were forced to borrow one of her gowns; and you cannot   imagine how well he looked! When Denny, and Wickham, and Pratt, and two or   three more of the men came in, they did not know him in the least. Lord!   how I laughed! and so did Mrs. Forster. I thought I should have died. And   that made the men suspect something, and then they soon found out   what was the matter.”
“我们都挤得这么漂亮，”丽迪雅叫道。“我很高兴我买了我的帽子，只有拥有一个硬纸盒的乐趣！好了，现在让我们舒舒服服，舒舒服服地回家吧。首先，让我们听听你们离开后发生了什么事。你见过什么人吗？你调情过吗？我非常希望你们中的一个在回来之前有个丈夫。我宣布，简很快就会成为一个老处女了。她快三岁了，二十岁了！主啊，我不应该在三和二十之前结婚，我感到多么羞愧啊！我的菲利浦斯姨妈想让你找个丈夫，你不会想的。她说，Lizzy最好把Collins先生；但我不认为那会有多开心。主！我多么想在你们结婚了；然后我会陪伴你到所有的球。亲爱的我！前几天我们在福斯特上校那儿玩得很开心。基蒂和我要在那儿度过一天，福斯特太太答应晚上去跳舞。（顺便说一句，福斯特太太和我是很好的朋友！）于是她问两个哈氏来，但哈丽特病了，所以Pen不得不自己；然后，你是怎么想的吗？我们穿上女人的衣服张伯伦Chamberlain的变体的目的通过一个女人，只想有什么好玩的！没有人知道这件事，但上校和福斯特太太，还有基蒂和我，除了我姑姑，因为我们不得不借用她的一件礼服；你无法想象他看上去有多好！当丹尼，威克姆，和普拉特，和两个或三个以上的人进来，他们也不认识他。主！我如何笑！福斯特太太也一样。我以为我早就死了。这使他们怀疑什么，然后他们很快发现了什么。
With such kinds of histories of their parties and good jokes, did Lydia,   assisted by Kitty’s hints and additions, endeavour to amuse her companions   all the way to Longbourn. Elizabeth listened as little as she could, but   there was no escaping the frequent mention of Wickham’s name.
这样的舞会上的故事和笑话，做丽迪雅、基蒂的提示和补充辅助，努力逗她开心的伴侣一路到Longbourn。伊丽莎白尽可能少地倾听，但不常提及威克姆的名字。
Their reception at home was most kind. Mrs. Bennet rejoiced to see Jane in   undiminished beauty; and more than once during dinner did Mr. Bennet say   voluntarily to Elizabeth:
他们在家里的招待是最亲切的。Bennet太太很高兴看到简在削弱美；不止一次吃饭的时候，Bennet先生说，自愿为伊丽莎白：
“I am glad you are come back, Lizzy.”
“我很高兴你回来，Lizzy。”
Their party in the dining-room was large, for almost all the Lucases came   to meet Maria and hear the news; and various were the subjects that   occupied them: Lady Lucas was inquiring of Maria, after the welfare and   poultry of her eldest daughter; Mrs. Bennet was doubly engaged, on one   hand collecting an account of the present fashions from Jane, who sat some   way below her, and, on the other, retailing them all to the younger   Lucases; and Lydia, in a voice rather louder than any other person’s, was   enumerating the various pleasures of the morning to anybody who would hear   her.
他们饭厅里人很多，几乎所有的卢卡斯来迎接玛丽亚和听到的消息；和各种各样的问题占据了他们：Lady Lucas询问玛丽亚，福利和她的大女儿家禽后；Bennet太太格外忙，一方面收集从简现在的风尚帐户，谁坐在她，有些方式，另一方面，零售他们都年轻卢卡斯；和丽迪雅，一个声音比任何其他人的声音而被列举的各种乐趣，早上谁会听到她的。
“Oh! Mary,” said she, “I wish you had gone with us, for we had such fun!   As we went along, Kitty and I drew up the blinds, and pretended there was   nobody in the coach; and I should have gone so all the way, if Kitty had   not been sick; and when we got to the George, I do think we behaved very   handsomely, for we treated the other three with the nicest cold luncheon   in the world, and if you would have gone, we would have treated you too.   And then when we came away it was such fun! I thought we never should have   got into the coach. I was ready to die of laughter. And then we were so   merry all the way home! we talked and laughed so loud, that anybody might   have heard us ten miles off!”
“哦！“玛丽，”她说，“我希望你和我们一起去，因为我们玩得很开心！我们一起，吉蒂和我放下车帘，看上去好象是教练的人；我应该去所有的方式，如果基蒂没有生病；当我们到了乔治，我做得很漂亮，对我们处理其他三的世界上最好的冷午餐，如果你也去了，我们也会款待你。然后当我们离开的时候，真是太有趣了！我以为我们不应该坐上马车。我准备笑死了。然后我们在回家的路上都很开心！我们大声大笑，任何人都可能听到我们十英里以外的声音！“
To this Mary very gravely replied, “Far be it from me, my dear sister, to   depreciate such pleasures! They would doubtless be congenial with the   generality of female minds. But I confess they would have no charms for me—I   should infinitely prefer a book.”
对此，玛丽严肃地回答说：“我亲爱的姐姐，我决不贬低这种乐趣！他们无疑会与女性思想的普遍性相符合。但我承认，他们会为我没有魅力应该宁愿一本书。”
But of this answer Lydia heard not a word. She seldom listened to anybody   for more than half a minute, and never attended to Mary at all.
但是这个答案丽迪雅一句话也没听见。她很少听别人讲超过半分钟的话，根本就没听过玛丽的话。
In the afternoon Lydia was urgent with the rest of the girls to walk to   Meryton, and to see how everybody went on; but Elizabeth steadily opposed   the scheme. It should not be said that the Miss Bennets could not be at   home half a day before they were in pursuit of the officers. There was   another reason too for her opposition. She dreaded seeing Mr. Wickham   again, and was resolved to avoid it as long as possible. The comfort to her   of the regiment’s approaching removal was indeed beyond expression. In a   fortnight they were to go—and once gone, she hoped there could be   nothing more to plague her on his account.
丽迪雅在当天下午紧急与其余的女孩走去，想看看大家都去；但伊丽莎白坚决反对方案。应该说，贝内茨小姐不在家半年的前一天，他们在警察的追求。她的反对还有另外一个原因。她害怕再见到威克姆先生，决心尽可能地避开他。这个团即将搬迁给她带来的安慰实在是难以形容。两个星期后，他们就要去了，一旦走了，她希望再也没有什么可以折磨她了。
She had not been many hours at home before she found that the Brighton   scheme, of which Lydia had given them a hint at the inn, was under   frequent discussion between her parents. Elizabeth saw directly that her   father had not the smallest intention of yielding; but his answers were at   the same time so vague and equivocal, that her mother, though often   disheartened, had never yet despaired of succeeding at last.
她在家里呆了好几个小时，才发现布莱顿的计划，就是丽迪雅在客栈里向他们暗示的，她父母经常在那里讨论。伊丽莎白看出她父亲丝毫没有让步的意思；但他的回答同时如此含糊和模棱两可的，她的母亲，虽然常常沮丧，却从来没成功，最后绝望。
Chapter 40
40章
Elizabeth’s impatience to acquaint Jane with what had happened could no   longer be overcome; and at length, resolving to suppress every particular   in which her sister was concerned, and preparing her to be surprised, she   related to her the next morning the chief of the scene between Mr. Darcy   and herself.
伊丽莎白不耐烦地告诉简发生了什么事，她再也无法克服了；最后，她决心要制止妹妹的每一件事，准备让她大吃一惊，第二天早上，她就把达西先生和她自己之间的情景告诉了她。
Miss Bennet’s astonishment was soon lessened by the strong sisterly   partiality which made any admiration of Elizabeth appear perfectly   natural; and all surprise was shortly lost in other feelings. She was   sorry that Mr. Darcy should have delivered his sentiments in a manner so   little suited to recommend them; but still more was she grieved for the   unhappiness which her sister’s refusal must have given him.
Bennet小姐的惊讶很快使任何对伊丽莎白姐妹的偏好强了完美的自然和所有的惊喜出现；不久失去了其他的感情。她很抱歉，达西先生应该以一种不太适合推荐他们的方式表达他的感情，但更重要的是她为她姐姐拒绝给他带来的不愉快而伤心。
“His being so sure of succeeding was wrong,” said she, “and certainly   ought not to have appeared; but consider how much it must increase his   disappointment!”
“他对成功如此肯定是错误的，”她说，“当然不应该出现，但想想它一定会增加他的失望！“
“Indeed,” replied Elizabeth, “I am heartily sorry for him; but he has   other feelings, which will probably soon drive away his regard for me. You   do not blame me, however, for refusing him?”
“真的，”伊丽莎白回答说，“我真为他感到难过，但他还有别的感觉，这可能会很快使他对我的关心消失。”。你不是因为拒绝他而责怪我吗？“
“Blame you! Oh, no.”
“怪你！哦，没有。
“But you blame me for having spoken so warmly of Wickham?”
“但是你怪我说了这么热烈的威克姆话吗？“
“No—I do not know that you were wrong in saying what you did.”
“我不知道你错在说你做了什么。”
“But you will know it, when I tell you what happened the very next   day.”
“但是，当我告诉你第二天发生了什么事时，你就会知道的。”
She then spoke of the letter, repeating the whole of its contents as far   as they concerned George Wickham. What a stroke was this for poor Jane!   who would willingly have gone through the world without believing that so   much wickedness existed in the whole race of mankind, as was here   collected in one individual. Nor was Darcy’s vindication, though grateful   to her feelings, capable of consoling her for such discovery. Most   earnestly did she labour to prove the probability of error, and seek to   clear the one without involving the other.
然后，她谈到了这封信，重复了整个内容，只要他们关心George Wickham。对可怜的简来说，这是怎么回事？！谁愿意去经历这个世界，却不相信在整个人类种族中存在如此多的邪恶？。也不是达西的辩护，虽然感激她的感情，能够安慰她这样的发现。她最认真地努力证明错误的可能性，并设法排除错误而不涉及其他错误。
“This will not do,” said Elizabeth; “you never will be able to make both   of them good for anything. Take your choice, but you must be satisfied   with only one. There is but such a quantity of merit between them; just   enough to make one good sort of man; and of late it has been shifting   about pretty much. For my part, I am inclined to believe it all Darcy’s;   but you shall do as you choose.”
“这不行，”伊丽莎白说，“你永远不能使他们两个都对任何事情都有好处。”。你可以选择，但你必须对只有一个满意。他们之间有这么多的优点，只是足以造就一个好的人，而且最近它已经差不多改变了。就我而言，我倾向于相信达西所说的一切，但你应该按照你的选择去做。”
It was some time, however, before a smile could be extorted from Jane.
过了一段时间，但是，在一个微笑可以勒索简。
“I do not know when I have been more shocked,” said she. “Wickham so very   bad! It is almost past belief. And poor Mr. Darcy! Dear Lizzy, only   consider what he must have suffered. Such a disappointment! and with the   knowledge of your ill opinion, too! and having to relate such a thing of   his sister! It is really too distressing. I am sure you must feel it so.”
“我不知道什么时候我更震惊了，”她说。“威克姆太坏了！这几乎是过去的信念了。可怜的达西先生！亲爱的Lizzy，只认为他必须遭受。如此失望！并且了解你的坏意见！不得不说出他姐姐的话！真是太令人苦恼了。我相信你一定感觉到了。”
“Oh! no, my regret and compassion are all done away by seeing you so full   of both. I know you will do him such ample justice, that I am growing   every moment more unconcerned and indifferent. Your profusion makes me   saving; and if you lament over him much longer, my heart will be as light   as a feather.”
“哦！不，我的遗憾和同情都是因为看到你俩都充满了。我知道你会给他足够的正义，使我每一刻都变得更加冷漠和冷漠。你的丰富使我储蓄；如果你再为他惋惜，我的心就会像羽毛一样轻。”
“Poor Wickham! there is such an expression of goodness in his countenance!   such an openness and gentleness in his manner!”
“可怜的威克姆！他的脸上有这样一种善良的表情！他的态度是如此的开放和温柔！“
“There certainly was some great mismanagement in the education of those   two young men. One has got all the goodness, and the other all the   appearance of it.”
这两个年轻人在教育上确实有些不当。一个人得到了所有的善，另一个人却拥有了一切。
“I never thought Mr. Darcy so deficient in the appearance of it as   you used to do.”
“我从来没想到达西先生的外表和你以前一样不好。”
“And yet I meant to be uncommonly clever in taking so decided a dislike to   him, without any reason. It is such a spur to one’s genius, such an   opening for wit, to have a dislike of that kind. One may be continually   abusive without saying anything just; but one cannot always be laughing at   a man without now and then stumbling on something witty.”
“可是我想做这样决定对他是非常聪明的，不需要任何理由。这是对天才的一种鞭策，一种机智的开场白，对这种人的厌恶。一个人可能不停地骂人，什么也不说；但一个人不可能总是嘲笑一个人，而不是现在就在机智的事情上磕磕绊绊。
“Lizzy, when you first read that letter, I am sure you could not treat the   matter as you do now.”
“Lizzy，当你第一次读这封信，我相信你对待这件事情你现在要做的。”
“Indeed, I could not. I was uncomfortable enough, I may say unhappy. And   with no one to speak to about what I felt, no Jane to comfort me and say   that I had not been so very weak and vain and nonsensical as I knew I had!   Oh! how I wanted you!”
“的确，我不能。我很不舒服，我可能会说不高兴。没有人和我谈论我的感受，没有简安慰我，说我并没有像我所知道的那样软弱，虚荣和荒谬！哦!我多么需要你！“
“How unfortunate that you should have used such very strong expressions in   speaking of Wickham to Mr. Darcy, for now they do appear wholly   undeserved.”
“你竟然用如此强硬的方式向达西先生说威克姆，真是不幸，因为现在他们似乎完全不配。”
“Certainly. But the misfortune of speaking with bitterness is a most   natural consequence of the prejudices I had been encouraging. There is one   point on which I want your advice. I want to be told whether I ought, or   ought not, to make our acquaintances in general understand Wickham’s   character.”
“当然。但是，带着苦涩说话的不幸是我一直在鼓励的偏见中最自然的结果。有一点我想征求你的意见。我想知道我是否应该，或者不应该让我们的熟人理解威克姆的性格。
Miss Bennet paused a little, and then replied, “Surely there can be no   occasion for exposing him so dreadfully. What is your opinion?”
Bennet小姐踌躇了一下，然后回答说：“当然可以使他如此可怕的是没有机会。你的意见呢？“
“That it ought not to be attempted. Mr. Darcy has not authorised me to   make his communication public. On the contrary, every particular relative   to his sister was meant to be kept as much as possible to myself; and if I   endeavour to undeceive people as to the rest of his conduct, who will   believe me? The general prejudice against Mr. Darcy is so violent, that it   would be the death of half the good people in Meryton to attempt to place   him in an amiable light. I am not equal to it. Wickham will soon be gone;   and therefore it will not signify to anyone here what he really is. Some   time hence it will be all found out, and then we may laugh at their   stupidity in not knowing it before. At present I will say nothing about   it.”
“不应该尝试。达西先生没有授权我公开他的通讯。相反，凡是牵涉到他妹妹的意思是让尽可能多的自己；如果我努力解释人们对其进行休息，谁会相信我吗？对达西先生的一般偏见是如此猛烈，它会有一半人在麦里屯企图把他一人死。我不能胜任。威克姆很快就要走了，因此在这里他对任何人都不是真正的意义。一段时间后，一切都会被发现，然后我们会嘲笑他们以前不知道的愚蠢。目前我什么也不说。”
“You are quite right. To have his errors made public might ruin him for   ever. He is now, perhaps, sorry for what he has done, and anxious to   re-establish a character. We must not make him desperate.”
“You are quite right. 公开他的错误可能永远毁掉他。他现在也许为自己所做的事感到遗憾，并急于重建一个角色。我们不能让他绝望。”
The tumult of Elizabeth’s mind was allayed by this conversation. She had   got rid of two of the secrets which had weighed on her for a fortnight,   and was certain of a willing listener in Jane, whenever she might wish to   talk again of either. But there was still something lurking behind, of   which prudence forbade the disclosure. She dared not relate the other half   of Mr. Darcy’s letter, nor explain to her sister how sincerely she had   been valued by her friend. Here was knowledge in which no one could   partake; and she was sensible that nothing less than a perfect   understanding between the parties could justify her in throwing off this   last encumbrance of mystery. “And then,” said she, “if that very   improbable event should ever take place, I shall merely be able to tell   what Bingley may tell in a much more agreeable manner himself. The liberty   of communication cannot be mine till it has lost all its value!”
伊丽莎白的思想混乱使这次谈话。她已经摆脱了两个星期以来一直困扰她的两个秘密，她肯定在珍妮有一个愿意倾听的人，每当她想再谈一次的时候。但仍有一些东西隐藏在后面，谨慎不允许披露。她不敢说出达西先生那封信的另一半，也没有向她姐姐解释她朋友对她多么真诚。这里是不能让任何人知道的；她是明智的，没有什么比双方的完全理解可以摆脱这一负担证明她不神秘。“然后，”她说，“如果那件不太可能发生的事发生的话，我只会更乐意地说出宾利所说的话。通讯的自由不可能是我的，直到它失去了它所有的价值！“
She was now, on being settled at home, at leisure to observe the real   state of her sister’s spirits. Jane was not happy. She still cherished a   very tender affection for Bingley. Having never even fancied herself in   love before, her regard had all the warmth of first attachment, and, from   her age and disposition, greater steadiness than most first attachments   often boast; and so fervently did she value his remembrance, and prefer   him to every other man, that all her good sense, and all her attention to   the feelings of her friends, were requisite to check the indulgence of   those regrets which must have been injurious to her own health and their   tranquillity.
现在，她正在家里安顿下来，悠闲地观察妹妹精神的真实状况。简不高兴。她仍然对宾利怀有柔情。甚至没有幻想自己在爱情面前，她把所有的第一次的依恋，温暖，从她的年龄和性格，比大多数初恋的人们拥有更大的稳定性；并热切她珍惜他的回忆，觉得他比任何人都好，她说，她所有的关注她朋友的感情，要检查这些遗憾一定是有害于自己的健康和安宁的放纵的必要。
“Well, Lizzy,” said Mrs. Bennet one day, “what is your opinion now   of this sad business of Jane’s? For my part, I am determined never to   speak of it again to anybody. I told my sister Phillips so the other day.   But I cannot find out that Jane saw anything of him in London. Well, he is   a very undeserving young man—and I do not suppose there’s the least   chance in the world of her ever getting him now. There is no talk of his   coming to Netherfield again in the summer; and I have inquired of   everybody, too, who is likely to know.”
“好吧，Lizzy，”Bennet太太有一天说，“什么是你的意见，现在简的这件伤心事？就我而言，我决心不再向任何人提起这件事。前几天我告诉我姐姐菲利普斯了。但是我不知道简在伦敦看到了他。嗯，他是一个很不配的年轻人，我不想在她曾经让他现在世界上最小的机会。没有人谈到他来Netherfield又是夏天；我问大家，谁会知道。”
“I do not believe he will ever live at Netherfield any more.”
“我不相信他会住在Netherfield了。”
“Oh well! it is just as he chooses. Nobody wants him to come. Though I   shall always say he used my daughter extremely ill; and if I was her, I   would not have put up with it. Well, my comfort is, I am sure Jane will   die of a broken heart; and then he will be sorry for what he has done.”
“哦，好吧！这正是他所选择的。没人要他来。虽然我总是说他用我女儿病重，如果我是她，我就不会忍受了。好吧，我的安慰是，我相信简会死于一颗破碎的心，然后他会为他所做的感到遗憾。
But as Elizabeth could not receive comfort from any such expectation, she   made no answer.
但由于伊丽莎白无法从这样的期望中得到安慰，她没有回答。
“Well, Lizzy,” continued her mother, soon afterwards, “and so the   Collinses live very comfortable, do they? Well, well, I only hope it will   last. And what sort of table do they keep? Charlotte is an excellent   manager, I dare say. If she is half as sharp as her mother, she is saving   enough. There is nothing extravagant in their housekeeping, I dare   say.”
“好吧，Lizzy，”她妈妈接着说，不久之后，“因此，Collinses的生活过得很舒服，是吗？好吧，我只希望它能持续下去。他们保留什么样的桌子？我敢说夏洛特是个优秀的经理。如果她比她妈妈快一半，她就储蓄得足够多了。我敢说，他们的家务活没有什么奢侈的。
“No, nothing at all.”
“不，一点也不。”
“A great deal of good management, depend upon it. Yes, yes, they   will take care not to outrun their income. They will never be   distressed for money. Well, much good may it do them! And so, I suppose,   they often talk of having Longbourn when your father is dead. They look   upon it as quite their own, I dare say, whenever that happens.”
“很多好的管理，取决于它。”。是的，是的，他们会小心不让他们的支出超过收入。他们永远不会为钱苦恼。嗯，多好啊，可以这样做吗？！所以，我想，他们会把你的父亲死的时候她。我敢说，无论发生什么事，他们都认为这是他们自己的事。”
“It was a subject which they could not mention before me.”
“这是他们在我面前提不出的问题。”
“No; it would have been strange if they had; but I make no doubt they   often talk of it between themselves. Well, if they can be easy with an   estate that is not lawfully their own, so much the better. I should be   ashamed of having one that was only entailed on me.”
“不，如果他们有，那就太奇怪了，但我毫不怀疑他们经常在他们之间谈论这事。”。好吧，如果他们能很容易地拥有不属于自己的财产，那就更好了。我应该为仅有的一件事而感到羞愧。”
Chapter 41
41章
The first week of their return was soon gone. The second began. It was the   last of the regiment’s stay in Meryton, and all the young ladies in the   neighbourhood were drooping apace. The dejection was almost universal. The   elder Miss Bennets alone were still able to eat, drink, and sleep, and   pursue the usual course of their employments. Very frequently were they   reproached for this insensibility by Kitty and Lydia, whose own misery was   extreme, and who could not comprehend such hard-heartedness in any of the   family.
他们回来的第一个星期很快就过去了。第二次开始。这是该团在Meryton的最后，在附近的年轻姑娘都下垂的空间。粪便几乎是普遍现象。大小姐贝内茨一个人仍然能够吃，喝，睡，和追求他们的工作平时的课程。很常常责备没有基蒂和丽迪雅，他自己的痛苦是极端的，他们不能理解在任何家庭的铁石心肠。
“Good Heaven! what is to become of us? What are we to do?” would they   often exclaim in the bitterness of woe. “How can you be smiling so,   Lizzy?”
“天堂”！我们将成为什么样的人？我们该怎么办？“他们常常在悲痛中呼喊吗？”。“你怎么能笑得出来，Lizzy？“
Their affectionate mother shared all their grief; she remembered what she   had herself endured on a similar occasion, five-and-twenty years ago.
他们慈爱的母亲分担了他们所有的悲伤；她记得她在五年和二十年前的类似场合所忍受的痛苦。
“I am sure,” said she, “I cried for two days together when Colonel   Miller’s regiment went away. I thought I should have broken my heart.”
“我敢肯定，”她说，“Miller上校的部队离开时，我在一起哭了两天。我想我应该伤了我的心。
“I am sure I shall break mine,” said Lydia.
丽迪雅说：“我相信我会打破我的。”。
“If one could but go to Brighton!” observed Mrs. Bennet.
“要是能去布赖顿就行了。”！Bennet太太说。
“Oh, yes!—if one could but go to Brighton! But papa is so   disagreeable.”
“哦，是的！-如果只能去布赖顿！可是爸爸真讨厌。”
“A little sea-bathing would set me up forever.”
“洗个小澡会使我永远健康。”
“And my aunt Phillips is sure it would do me a great deal of good,”   added Kitty.
“我的菲利浦斯阿姨肯定会对我有很大的帮助，”基蒂补充说。
Such were the kind of lamentations resounding perpetually through   Longbourn House. Elizabeth tried to be diverted by them; but all sense of   pleasure was lost in shame. She felt anew the justice of Mr. Darcy’s   objections; and never had she been so much disposed to pardon his   interference in the views of his friend.
这是在浪搏恩府悲那种响亮的永远。伊丽莎白试图被他们改变，但所有的快乐都在羞愧中消失了。她再次感到达西先生反对的公正性，她从来没有如此愿意原谅他干涉他朋友的意见。
But the gloom of Lydia’s prospect was shortly cleared away; for she   received an invitation from Mrs. Forster, the wife of the colonel of the   regiment, to accompany her to Brighton. This invaluable friend was a very   young woman, and very lately married. A resemblance in good humour and   good spirits had recommended her and Lydia to each other, and out of their   three months’ acquaintance they had been intimate two.
但是丽迪雅的前景很快就消失了，因为她收到了团长福斯特夫人的邀请，陪她去布赖顿。这位无价的朋友是个非常年轻的女人，最近结婚了。她和丽迪雅彼此之间有着相似的幽默感和良好的精神，而在他们相识的三个月里，他们已经是亲密的两个。
The rapture of Lydia on this occasion, her adoration of Mrs. Forster, the   delight of Mrs. Bennet, and the mortification of Kitty, are scarcely to be   described. Wholly inattentive to her sister’s feelings, Lydia flew about   the house in restless ecstasy, calling for everyone’s congratulations, and   laughing and talking with more violence than ever; whilst the luckless   Kitty continued in the parlour repined at her fate in terms as   unreasonable as her accent was peevish.
丽迪雅这一次的狂喜，她对福斯特太太，Bennet太太的喜悦，和猫咪的苦修，很少被描述。完全不在意她姐姐的感情，丽迪雅飞在无尽的狂喜的房子，呼吁大家的祝贺，笑比以前有更多的暴力说话；倒运的小猫在客厅里继续怨叹她的命运从她的口音是倔强的不合理。
“I cannot see why Mrs. Forster should not ask me as well as Lydia,”   said she, “Though I am not her particular friend. I have just as   much right to be asked as she has, and more too, for I am two years   older.”
“我不明白为什么福斯特太太不该问我和丽迪雅一样，”她说，“虽然我不是她特别的朋友。”。我和她一样，也有被要求的权利，更多的是因为我已经大了两岁。”
In vain did Elizabeth attempt to make her reasonable, and Jane to make her   resigned. As for Elizabeth herself, this invitation was so far from   exciting in her the same feelings as in her mother and Lydia, that she   considered it as the death warrant of all possibility of common sense for   the latter; and detestable as such a step must make her were it known, she   could not help secretly advising her father not to let her go. She   represented to him all the improprieties of Lydia’s general behaviour, the   little advantage she could derive from the friendship of such a woman as   Mrs. Forster, and the probability of her being yet more imprudent with   such a companion at Brighton, where the temptations must be greater than   at home. He heard her attentively, and then said:
伊丽莎白徒劳地试图使她通情达理，而简却使她辞职了。至于伊丽莎白本人，这一邀请远不如她母亲和丽迪雅那样激动人心，她认为这是对她所有常识的可能的致命保证；而令人厌恶的一步必须使她知道，她忍不住暗暗劝她父亲不要让她走。她向他丽迪雅的一般行为的不当，她可能来源于这样一个女人是福斯特夫人的友谊小的优势，以及她被更多的轻率与这样的一个朋友在布赖顿的概率，在诱惑必须大于在家。他聚精会神地听她说：
“Lydia will never be easy until she has exposed herself in some public   place or other, and we can never expect her to do it with so little   expense or inconvenience to her family as under the present   circumstances.”
“除非丽迪雅在公共场所或其他地方暴露了自己，否则她决不容易，我们也决不能指望她在目前的情况下给她的家庭带来如此少的花费或不便。”
“If you were aware,” said Elizabeth, “of the very great disadvantage to us   all which must arise from the public notice of Lydia’s unguarded and   imprudent manner—nay, which has already arisen from it, I am sure   you would judge differently in the affair.”
“如果你知道了，”伊丽莎白说，“很大的缺点我们都必须来自丽迪雅的轻率和鲁莽的态度不公告，这已经出现了，我相信你会判断不同的事情。”
“Already arisen?” repeated Mr. Bennet. “What, has she frightened away some   of your lovers? Poor little Lizzy! But do not be cast down. Such squeamish   youths as cannot bear to be connected with a little absurdity are not   worth a regret. Come, let me see the list of pitiful fellows who have been   kept aloof by Lydia’s folly.”
“已经出现了？Bennet先生重复说。“什么，她把你的情人吓跑了吗？”可怜的小Lizzy！但不要被打倒。由于无法忍受与小荒诞这样娇气青年不值得遗憾。来吧，让我看看那些被丽迪雅的愚蠢行为所疏远的可怜的家伙。
“Indeed you are mistaken. I have no such injuries to resent. It is not of   particular, but of general evils, which I am now complaining. Our   importance, our respectability in the world must be affected by the wild   volatility, the assurance and disdain of all restraint which mark Lydia’s   character. Excuse me, for I must speak plainly. If you, my dear father,   will not take the trouble of checking her exuberant spirits, and of   teaching her that her present pursuits are not to be the business of her   life, she will soon be beyond the reach of amendment. Her character will   be fixed, and she will, at sixteen, be the most determined flirt that ever   made herself or her family ridiculous; a flirt, too, in the worst and   meanest degree of flirtation; without any attraction beyond youth and a   tolerable person; and, from the ignorance and emptiness of her mind,   wholly unable to ward off any portion of that universal contempt which her   rage for admiration will excite. In this danger Kitty also is   comprehended. She will follow wherever Lydia leads. Vain, ignorant, idle,   and absolutely uncontrolled! Oh! my dear father, can you suppose it   possible that they will not be censured and despised wherever they are   known, and that their sisters will not be often involved in the disgrace?”
“你确实弄错了。我没有这种受伤的怨恨。我抱怨的不是特别的，而是一般的邪恶。我们的重要性，我们在世界上的地位必须由野生波动影响，所有约束，马克丽迪雅的性格确实对。对不起，我必须坦率地说。如果你，我亲爱的父亲，不会介意去检查她旺盛的精神，告诉她，她现在的追求不是她生命的事业，她将很快无法得到修正。她的性格是固定的，她会在十六，是最确定的调情，曾经让自己或家人的可笑；一个调情，也在最差和最挑逗的程度；没有任何吸引力和可容忍超出青年人；和，从无知和她心灵的空虚，完全不能为防止普遍轻视她的愤怒崇拜会激发任何部分。在这种危险中，基蒂也是被理解的。她将跟随丽迪雅领导的任何地方。虚荣的，无知的，懒惰的，绝对不受控制的！哦!我亲爱的父亲，你会认为他们可能不会被指责轻视他们，和他们的姐妹会不会经常参与的耻辱吗？“
Mr. Bennet saw that her whole heart was in the subject, and affectionately   taking her hand said in reply:
Bennet先生看到她全心投入这个话题，亲切地握着她的手回答说：
“Do not make yourself uneasy, my love. Wherever you and Jane are known you   must be respected and valued; and you will not appear to less advantage   for having a couple of—or I may say, three—very silly sisters.   We shall have no peace at Longbourn if Lydia does not go to Brighton. Let   her go, then. Colonel Forster is a sensible man, and will keep her out of   any real mischief; and she is luckily too poor to be an object of prey to   anybody. At Brighton she will be of less importance even as a common flirt   than she has been here. The officers will find women better worth their   notice. Let us hope, therefore, that her being there may teach her her own   insignificance. At any rate, she cannot grow many degrees worse, without   authorising us to lock her up for the rest of her life.”
“别让自己感到不安，我的爱人。无论你和简知道什么地方，你都必须受到尊重和重视；如果有一两个我可能会说，三个非常愚蠢的姐妹，你不会显得不那么有利。我们如果丽迪雅不去布赖顿，在Longbourn没有和平。让她走吧。福斯特上校是个明智的人，她会阻止她去任何真正的恶作剧；幸运的是，她太穷了，不可能成为任何人的牺牲品。在布赖顿，即使作为一个普通的调情者，她也不那么重要了。警官们会发现女人更值得她们注意。让我们希望，因此，她有可能教她自己的渺小。无论如何，她再坏也坏，没有授权我们余生把她锁起来。”
With this answer Elizabeth was forced to be content; but her own opinion   continued the same, and she left him disappointed and sorry. It was not in   her nature, however, to increase her vexations by dwelling on them. She   was confident of having performed her duty, and to fret over unavoidable   evils, or augment them by anxiety, was no part of her disposition.
有了这个答案，伊丽莎白被迫满足了，但她自己的观点依然如此，她失望而遗憾地离开了他。这不是她的本性，但是，通过对他们的住所增加她的烦恼。她有信心履行自己的职责，为不可避免的罪恶烦恼，或因焦虑而增加烦恼，这不是她性格的一部分。
Had Lydia and her mother known the substance of her conference with her   father, their indignation would hardly have found expression in their   united volubility. In Lydia’s imagination, a visit to Brighton comprised   every possibility of earthly happiness. She saw, with the creative eye of   fancy, the streets of that gay bathing-place covered with officers. She   saw herself the object of attention, to tens and to scores of them at   present unknown. She saw all the glories of the camp—its tents   stretched forth in beauteous uniformity of lines, crowded with the young   and the gay, and dazzling with scarlet; and, to complete the view, she saw   herself seated beneath a tent, tenderly flirting with at least six   officers at once.
有丽迪雅和她母亲知道她和她父亲的会议内容，他们的愤怒将很难在他们的联合价值发现的表达。在丽迪雅的想象中，去布赖顿旅行是每一种尘世幸福的可能。她以富有创造性的眼光看到那个同性恋沐浴场所的街道上满是军官。她把自己当成了注意的对象，几十个，几十个，现在还不知道。她看到营地的帐篷，伸在线条美丽的均匀的一切光荣，挤满了年轻人和同性恋，和耀眼的红色；而完成的观点，她看到自己坐在一个帐篷里，温柔的调情与至少六名警察在一次。
Had she known her sister sought to tear her from such prospects and such   realities as these, what would have been her sensations? They could have   been understood only by her mother, who might have felt nearly the same.   Lydia’s going to Brighton was all that consoled her for her melancholy   conviction of her husband’s never intending to go there himself.
如果她知道她的妹妹想把她从这样的前景和这样的现实中撕下来，她会有什么感觉呢？他们可能只有她母亲能理解，而她的母亲可能也有同样的感受。丽迪雅去布赖顿是为了安慰她，因为她对她丈夫从未打算亲自去那儿的那种忧郁的信念。
But they were entirely ignorant of what had passed; and their raptures   continued, with little intermission, to the very day of Lydia’s leaving   home.
但他们完全不知道已经过去了；和一小的间歇，继续，到丽迪雅离家的那一天。
Elizabeth was now to see Mr. Wickham for the last time. Having been   frequently in company with him since her return, agitation was pretty well   over; the agitations of former partiality entirely so. She had even learnt   to detect, in the very gentleness which had first delighted her, an   affectation and a sameness to disgust and weary. In his present behaviour   to herself, moreover, she had a fresh source of displeasure, for the   inclination he soon testified of renewing those intentions which had   marked the early part of their acquaintance could only serve, after what   had since passed, to provoke her. She lost all concern for him in finding   herself thus selected as the object of such idle and frivolous gallantry;   and while she steadily repressed it, could not but feel the reproof   contained in his believing, that however long, and for whatever cause, his   attentions had been withdrawn, her vanity would be gratified, and her   preference secured at any time by their renewal.
伊丽莎白最后一次见到威克姆先生。曾经经常和他一起回来后，激动得很好；前偏好鼓动完全如此。她甚至学会了用一种使她高兴的温柔，发现了一种厌恶和厌倦的矫揉造作和千篇一律。此外，她现在对自己的态度，又有了一种新的不满情绪，因为他很快就证明了自己的意图，因为这些动机标志着他们相识的最初一段时间，只有在后来的事情发生后，才有可能去激怒她。她发现自己因此选为闲置的轻薄公子对象失去了所有关心他；尽管她不断压抑它，不禁感到包含在他的信仰的责备，然而，和任何的原因，他的注意力已被撤回，她的虚荣心会欣慰，她偏好固定随时更新。
On the very last day of the regiment’s remaining at Meryton, he dined,   with other of the officers, at Longbourn; and so little was Elizabeth   disposed to part from him in good humour, that on his making some inquiry   as to the manner in which her time had passed at Hunsford, she mentioned   Colonel Fitzwilliam’s and Mr. Darcy’s having both spent three weeks at   Rosings, and asked him, if he was acquainted with the former.
在该团的剩余在麦里屯，最后一天他吃了饭，与其他的军官，在Longbourn；等小伊丽莎白倾向于在良好的幽默感，他对他的部分，做一些调查中，她的时间已经过去了在汉斯福的态度，她提到Fitzwilliam上校和达西先生在罗新斯花了三个星期，并问他，如果他很熟悉的前。
He looked surprised, displeased, alarmed; but with a moment’s recollection   and a returning smile, replied, that he had formerly seen him often; and,   after observing that he was a very gentlemanlike man, asked her how she   had liked him. Her answer was warmly in his favour. With an air of   indifference he soon afterwards added:
他看上去很惊讶，生气，惊慌；但片刻的回忆和回归的微笑，回答说，他以前经常看到他；和，观察后认为，他是一个非常绅士的男人，问她喜欢不喜欢他。她的回答对他很有帮助。他很快就加了一句漠不关心的话：
“How long did you say he was at Rosings?”
“你是说他在罗新斯待多久？“
“Nearly three weeks.”
“快三个星期了。”
“And you saw him frequently?”
“你经常见到他吗？”“
“Yes, almost every day.”
“是的，几乎每天都有。”
“His manners are very different from his cousin’s.”
“他的举止和他表弟的很不一样。”
“Yes, very different. But I think Mr. Darcy improves upon acquaintance.”
“是的，非常不同。但我认为达西先生是在相识之后长大的。”
“Indeed!” cried Mr. Wickham with a look which did not escape her. “And   pray, may I ask?—” But checking himself, he added, in a gayer tone,   “Is it in address that he improves? Has he deigned to add aught of   civility to his ordinary style?—for I dare not hope,” he continued   in a lower and more serious tone, “that he is improved in essentials.”
“事实上！威克姆先生带着一个看不见她的眼神喊道。“请问，我能问一下吗？”“但是检查自己，他补充说，在华美的基调，“这是地址，他提高了吗？他屈尊加入什么礼貌他普通的风格吗？“因为我不敢指望，”他用一种低而严肃的口吻继续说，“他在本质上得到了改进。”
“Oh, no!” said Elizabeth. “In essentials, I believe, he is very much what   he ever was.”
“哦，不！伊丽莎白说。“从本质上说，我相信，他非常像他。”
While she spoke, Wickham looked as if scarcely knowing whether to rejoice   over her words, or to distrust their meaning. There was a something in her   countenance which made him listen with an apprehensive and anxious   attention, while she added:
她说话时，威克姆似乎不知道该不该为她的话而高兴，或是不相信他们的意思。她脸上有一种表情，使他焦虑不安地听着，同时又加了一句：
“When I said that he improved on acquaintance, I did not mean that his   mind or his manners were in a state of improvement, but that, from knowing   him better, his disposition was better understood.”
“当我说他在认识上有所改进时，我并不是说他的思想或举止有了进步，但是，从更好地了解他，他的性格得到了更好的理解。”
Wickham’s alarm now appeared in a heightened complexion and agitated look;   for a few minutes he was silent, till, shaking off his embarrassment, he   turned to her again, and said in the gentlest of accents:
威克姆的警报出现在提高肤色和激动的表情；几分钟他沉默，直到摆脱他的尴尬，他转过身来对着她，和温和的声调说：
“You, who so well know my feeling towards Mr. Darcy, will readily   comprehend how sincerely I must rejoice that he is wise enough to assume   even the appearance of what is right. His pride, in that direction,   may be of service, if not to himself, to many others, for it must only   deter him from such foul misconduct as I have suffered by. I only fear   that the sort of cautiousness to which you, I imagine, have been alluding,   is merely adopted on his visits to his aunt, of whose good opinion and   judgement he stands much in awe. His fear of her has always operated, I   know, when they were together; and a good deal is to be imputed to his   wish of forwarding the match with Miss de Bourgh, which I am certain he   has very much at heart.”
“你很了解我对达西先生的感情，你会很容易理解我是多么高兴，因为他很聪明，甚至能设想什么是对的。”。他的骄傲，在这个方向上，可能是服务，如果不是他自己，对许多其他人，因为它只能阻止他从我所遭受的肮脏的不当行为。我唯一担心的是什么益处，你，我想，已经暗示，在他拜访他的姑姑仅仅采用，敬畏的好意见和判断他身高多少。他怕她一直动，我知道，当他们在一起的时候；和一个很好的协议是要归咎于他希望de Bourgh小姐转发的比赛，我确信他心里有非常多。”
Elizabeth could not repress a smile at this, but she answered only by a   slight inclination of the head. She saw that he wanted to engage her on   the old subject of his grievances, and she was in no humour to indulge   him. The rest of the evening passed with the appearance, on his   side, of usual cheerfulness, but with no further attempt to distinguish   Elizabeth; and they parted at last with mutual civility, and possibly a   mutual desire of never meeting again.
伊丽莎白忍不住笑了笑，但她只是微微地按了一下脑袋。她看出他想使她知道他所受的委屈，她没有迁就他的意思。那天晚上剩下的时间都过去了，他脸上带着平常的快活神情，但不再想分辨伊丽莎白了，最后他们彼此礼貌地分手了，可能是彼此不再见面的愿望。
When the party broke up, Lydia returned with Mrs. Forster to Meryton, from   whence they were to set out early the next morning. The separation between   her and her family was rather noisy than pathetic. Kitty was the only one   who shed tears; but she did weep from vexation and envy. Mrs. Bennet was   diffuse in her good wishes for the felicity of her daughter, and   impressive in her injunctions that she should not miss the opportunity of   enjoying herself as much as possible—advice which there was every   reason to believe would be well attended to; and in the clamorous   happiness of Lydia herself in bidding farewell, the more gentle adieus of   her sisters were uttered without being heard.
他们分手以后，丽迪雅回来了，福斯特太太去，从那里他们出发的早晨。她和她的家人之间的分离比吵闹更吵闹。基蒂是唯一流眼泪的人，但她因烦恼和嫉妒而哭泣。Bennet夫人是弥漫在她祝愿她女儿的幸福，和令人印象深刻的在她的禁令，她不应该错过享受自己尽可能多的意见，有理由相信会得到很好的照料的机会；而在丽迪雅的告别自己的幸福，她的姐妹更温柔的说了再见不被听见。
Chapter 42
42章
Had Elizabeth’s opinion been all drawn from her own family, she could not   have formed a very pleasing opinion of conjugal felicity or domestic   comfort. Her father, captivated by youth and beauty, and that appearance   of good humour which youth and beauty generally give, had married a woman   whose weak understanding and illiberal mind had very early in their   marriage put an end to all real affection for her. Respect, esteem, and   confidence had vanished for ever; and all his views of domestic happiness   were overthrown. But Mr. Bennet was not of a disposition to seek comfort   for the disappointment which his own imprudence had brought on, in any of   those pleasures which too often console the unfortunate for their folly or   their vice. He was fond of the country and of books; and from these tastes   had arisen his principal enjoyments. To his wife he was very little   otherwise indebted, than as her ignorance and folly had contributed to his   amusement. This is not the sort of happiness which a man would in general   wish to owe to his wife; but where other powers of entertainment are   wanting, the true philosopher will derive benefit from such as are given.
如果伊丽莎白的观点都来自她自己的家庭，她就不会对夫妻的幸福或家庭的舒适形成一个非常令人愉快的看法。她的父亲，迷住了青春和美丽，和良好的幽默感，青春和美丽的外观给一般，娶了一个女人的脆弱的理解和狭隘的头脑在他们的婚姻很早结束了所有真正的爱她。尊敬、尊敬和信任永远消失了，他对家庭幸福的所有看法都被推翻了。但Bennet先生不是一个配置寻求安慰由于自己轻率了，在那些快乐常常安慰不幸的因为他们的愚蠢或副。他喜爱乡村和书籍；并从这些味道出现了他最大的乐趣。对他的妻子来说，他并没有多少感激之情，而是因为她的无知和愚蠢导致了他的娱乐。这并不是一般人希望给妻子的那种幸福，但在其他娱乐力量缺乏的情况下，真正的哲学家将从所给予的利益中获益。
Elizabeth, however, had never been blind to the impropriety of her   father’s behaviour as a husband. She had always seen it with pain; but   respecting his abilities, and grateful for his affectionate treatment of   herself, she endeavoured to forget what she could not overlook, and to   banish from her thoughts that continual breach of conjugal obligation and   decorum which, in exposing his wife to the contempt of her own children,   was so highly reprehensible. But she had never felt so strongly as now the   disadvantages which must attend the children of so unsuitable a marriage,   nor ever been so fully aware of the evils arising from so ill-judged a   direction of talents; talents, which, rightly used, might at least have   preserved the respectability of his daughters, even if incapable of   enlarging the mind of his wife.
伊丽莎白，但是，从来没有看不到她父亲的行为不得体，作为一个丈夫。她总是一看到就觉得痛苦；但尊重他的才能，又感谢他深情的治疗自己，她想忘记她不可能忽略，并把她的想法，同居义务和礼仪，不断破坏，揭露他的妻子对她自己的孩子的轻视，是非常不。但她从未感到如此强烈的现在，必须参加这样不合适的婚姻的孩子的缺点，也曾经这样充分意识到从错误判断的人才方向所产生的弊病；人才，其中，正确使用，至少可以保存女儿们的尊敬，即使不能扩大他妻子的心。
When Elizabeth had rejoiced over Wickham’s departure she found little   other cause for satisfaction in the loss of the regiment. Their parties   abroad were less varied than before, and at home she had a mother and   sister whose constant repinings at the dullness of everything around them   threw a real gloom over their domestic circle; and, though Kitty might in   time regain her natural degree of sense, since the disturbers of her brain   were removed, her other sister, from whose disposition greater evil might   be apprehended, was likely to be hardened in all her folly and assurance   by a situation of such double danger as a watering-place and a camp. Upon   the whole, therefore, she found, what has been sometimes found before,   that an event to which she had been looking with impatient desire did not,   in taking place, bring all the satisfaction she had promised herself. It   was consequently necessary to name some other period for the commencement   of actual felicity—to have some other point on which her wishes and   hopes might be fixed, and by again enjoying the pleasure of anticipation,   console herself for the present, and prepare for another disappointment.   Her tour to the Lakes was now the object of her happiest thoughts; it was   her best consolation for all the uncomfortable hours which the   discontentedness of her mother and Kitty made inevitable; and could she   have included Jane in the scheme, every part of it would have been   perfect.
当伊丽莎白为威克姆的离去感到高兴的时候，她发现没有什么其他的理由使这个团失去了满足感。他们的聚会比以前少变化外，在家里她母亲和妹妹的常怨在他们周围的一切枯燥乏味，把一个真正的黑暗在他们的家庭圈子，尽管猫咪可能；时间恢复她的自然度的意义，因为她的大脑受到干扰后，她的另一个姐姐从其配置更大的邪恶可以理解，可能是坚硬的在她所有的愚蠢和保证通过这样的双重危险情况浇水的地方和一个营。因此，总的说来，她发现，以前有时发现，她曾怀着不耐烦的渴望去做的一件事，并没有带来她所答应的一切满足。因此，有必要命名另一个时期，以便开始真正的幸福，以使她的愿望和希望得到其他方面的修正，并再次享受期待的喜悦，为现在安慰自己，准备迎接另一次失望。她对湖泊旅游现在是她最幸福的思想的对象；这是她所有的不舒服的时间，她母亲和基蒂的不满使不可避免的最好安慰；和她能有简的方案，它的每个部分都是完美的。
“But it is fortunate,” thought she, “that I have something to wish for.   Were the whole arrangement complete, my disappointment would be certain.   But here, by carrying with me one ceaseless source of regret in my   sister’s absence, I may reasonably hope to have all my expectations of   pleasure realised. A scheme of which every part promises delight can never   be successful; and general disappointment is only warded off by the   defence of some little peculiar vexation.”
“但幸运的是，”她想，“我有一些愿望。如果整个安排都完成了，我的失望是肯定的。但在这里，当我的姐姐不在的时候，带着我一个不停的遗憾来源，我可以合理地希望实现我对快乐的所有期望。一个方案的每一个部分都将无法成功的喜悦；和一般的失望是抵御一些小烦恼的特殊防卫。”
When Lydia went away she promised to write very often and very minutely to   her mother and Kitty; but her letters were always long expected, and   always very short. Those to her mother contained little else than that   they were just returned from the library, where such and such officers had   attended them, and where she had seen such beautiful ornaments as made her   quite wild; that she had a new gown, or a new parasol, which she would   have described more fully, but was obliged to leave off in a violent   hurry, as Mrs. Forster called her, and they were going off to the camp;   and from her correspondence with her sister, there was still less to be   learnt—for her letters to Kitty, though rather longer, were much too   full of lines under the words to be made public.
丽迪雅走了以后，她答应经常写信给母亲和基蒂，但她的信总是很长，而且总是很短。她给她母亲写的那些一点比他们刚从图书馆回来，有许多军官们参加了他们，她哪里见过这样漂亮的装饰品让她很野；她有一个新的礼服，或一个新的阳伞，她将有更详细的描述，但不得不急急忙忙离开了，福斯特太太给她打电话，和他们去营地；从她姐姐的信件，还有少了她给基蒂的信，但很长，太满了线下的话要公开。
After the first fortnight or three weeks of her absence, health, good   humour, and cheerfulness began to reappear at Longbourn. Everything wore a   happier aspect. The families who had been in town for the winter came back   again, and summer finery and summer engagements arose. Mrs. Bennet was   restored to her usual querulous serenity; and, by the middle of June,   Kitty was so much recovered as to be able to enter Meryton without tears;   an event of such happy promise as to make Elizabeth hope that by the   following Christmas she might be so tolerably reasonable as not to mention   an officer above once a day, unless, by some cruel and malicious   arrangement at the War Office, another regiment should be quartered in   Meryton.
第一周或三周她缺席，健康，良好的幽默感和快乐后，开始出现在Longbourn。一切都显得更幸福。那些到城里过冬的家庭又回来了，夏天的盛装和夏季的约会又出现了。Bennet夫人恢复了她平时爱发牢骚的平静；而到六月中旬，基蒂如此回收能够没有眼泪的承诺进入麦里屯；快乐的事件使伊丽莎白希望通过下面的圣诞节她会变得相当合理，更何况一个军官以上一次一天，除非一些残酷和恶意在战争办公室的安排，另一个团应该驻扎在麦里屯。
The time fixed for the beginning of their northern tour was now fast   approaching, and a fortnight only was wanting of it, when a letter arrived   from Mrs. Gardiner, which at once delayed its commencement and curtailed   its extent. Mr. Gardiner would be prevented by business from setting out   till a fortnight later in July, and must be in London again within a   month, and as that left too short a period for them to go so far, and see   so much as they had proposed, or at least to see it with the leisure and   comfort they had built on, they were obliged to give up the Lakes, and   substitute a more contracted tour, and, according to the present plan,   were to go no farther northwards than Derbyshire. In that county there was   enough to be seen to occupy the chief of their three weeks; and to Mrs.   Gardiner it had a peculiarly strong attraction. The town where she had   formerly passed some years of her life, and where they were now to spend a   few days, was probably as great an object of her curiosity as all the   celebrated beauties of Matlock, Chatsworth, Dovedale, or the Peak.
开始他们北方之旅的时间快到了，加德纳太太收到一封信后，两周的时间就没有了。加德纳先生将防止业务从设置到一周后的七月，必须再次在伦敦一个月内，随着他们走那么远，离开的时间太短了，看到那么多因为他们的建议，或至少与他们建立在休闲和舒适看到它，他们不得不放弃湖泊，并以缩短行程，并且，根据目前的计划，去不远比德比郡向北。在那个县，有足够的东西可以占据他们三个星期的首领；对加德纳太太来说，它有一种特别强烈的吸引力。该镇在她先前通过她的生活几年，而现在他们花了几天，可能是一个伟大的对象，她的好奇心所有著名美女Matlock、查茨沃思，Dovedale，或峰值。
Elizabeth was excessively disappointed; she had set her heart on seeing   the Lakes, and still thought there might have been time enough. But it was   her business to be satisfied—and certainly her temper to be happy;   and all was soon right again.
伊丽莎白太失望了，她决心去看看那些湖泊，还以为有足够的时间。但她的事业是满意的，当然她的脾气是幸福的，一切都很快又恢复了正常。
With the mention of Derbyshire there were many ideas connected. It was   impossible for her to see the word without thinking of Pemberley and its   owner. “But surely,” said she, “I may enter his county with impunity, and   rob it of a few petrified spars without his perceiving me.”
与德比郡的提有很多联想。她是不可能看到的一句话而不考虑Pemberley和它的主人。“当然，”她说，“我可以毫无顾忌地进入他的县，和抢劫这几个石化桅杆没有他的感知我。”
The period of expectation was now doubled. Four weeks were to pass away   before her uncle and aunt’s arrival. But they did pass away, and Mr. and   Mrs. Gardiner, with their four children, did at length appear at   Longbourn. The children, two girls of six and eight years old, and two   younger boys, were to be left under the particular care of their cousin   Jane, who was the general favourite, and whose steady sense and sweetness   of temper exactly adapted her for attending to them in every way—teaching   them, playing with them, and loving them.
期望期现在增加了一倍。四个星期过去了，她的叔叔和婶婶就要到了。但他们却走了，加德纳先生和太太，和他们的四个孩子，也终于出现在Longbourn。孩子们，两个六岁和八岁的女孩，还有两个年幼的男孩，在他们的表妹简的特别照顾下留下来，他是最受欢迎的人，她那坚定的感觉和温和的脾气正好使她能够以各种方式照顾他们，和他们玩，爱他们。
The Gardiners stayed only one night at Longbourn, and set off the next   morning with Elizabeth in pursuit of novelty and amusement. One enjoyment   was certain—that of suitableness of companions; a suitableness which   comprehended health and temper to bear inconveniences—cheerfulness   to enhance every pleasure—and affection and intelligence, which   might supply it among themselves if there were disappointments abroad.
嘉丁纳夫妇只呆了一个晚上在浪搏恩，和设置在新颖性和娱乐的追求与伊丽莎白的早晨。一个享乐是一定的，适宜的同伴；一个合宜的理解健康与脾气承受不便快乐提升的乐趣和情感和智力，这可能提供他们之间如果有失望外。
It is not the object of this work to give a description of Derbyshire, nor   of any of the remarkable places through which their route thither lay;   Oxford, Blenheim, Warwick, Kenilworth, Birmingham, etc. are sufficiently   known. A small part of Derbyshire is all the present concern. To the   little town of Lambton, the scene of Mrs. Gardiner’s former residence, and   where she had lately learned some acquaintance still remained, they bent   their steps, after having seen all the principal wonders of the country;   and within five miles of Lambton, Elizabeth found from her aunt that   Pemberley was situated. It was not in their direct road, nor more than a   mile or two out of it. In talking over their route the evening before,   Mrs. Gardiner expressed an inclination to see the place again. Mr.   Gardiner declared his willingness, and Elizabeth was applied to for her   approbation.
它不是这个工作的对象描写德比郡，也没有任何显著的地方通过他们的路线去打牛津，布莱尼姆；Kenilworth，伯明翰，华威，等有足够的了解。德比郡的一小部分是目前所有的关注。Lambton的小镇，加德纳夫人故居的场景，以及她最近了解到一些相识的人仍然存在，他们转身，看到所有的国家的主要奇迹后；和五英里的Lambton，伊丽莎白发现她姨妈Pemberley是位于。它不在他们的直路上，也不在一英里以外的地方。加德纳太太前天晚上在谈论他们的路线时，表示有意再去看看那个地方。加德纳先生宣布了他的意愿，伊丽莎白得到了她的认可。
“My love, should not you like to see a place of which you have heard so   much?” said her aunt; “a place, too, with which so many of your   acquaintances are connected. Wickham passed all his youth there, you   know.”
“我的爱人，难道你不想看到一个你听过这么多的地方吗？姑妈说：“也是一个地方，有这么多熟人。威克姆在那儿度过了他所有的青春时光，你知道的。
Elizabeth was distressed. She felt that she had no business at Pemberley,   and was obliged to assume a disinclination for seeing it. She must own   that she was tired of seeing great houses; after going over so many, she   really had no pleasure in fine carpets or satin curtains.
伊丽莎白很苦恼。她觉得她在Pemberley没有业务，而且不得不看它不想。她必须承认，她厌倦了看大房子；经过这么多，她真的没有在地毯或缎窗帘愉快的乐趣。
Mrs. Gardiner abused her stupidity. “If it were merely a fine house richly   furnished,” said she, “I should not care about it myself; but the grounds   are delightful. They have some of the finest woods in the country.”
加德纳太太滥用她的愚蠢。她说：“如果那是一幢陈设华丽的好房子，我自己也不必担心，但庭院是宜人的。”。他们有一些全国最好的树林。”
Elizabeth said no more—but her mind could not acquiesce. The   possibility of meeting Mr. Darcy, while viewing the place, instantly   occurred. It would be dreadful! She blushed at the very idea, and thought   it would be better to speak openly to her aunt than to run such a risk.   But against this there were objections; and she finally resolved that it   could be the last resource, if her private inquiries to the absence of the   family were unfavourably answered.
伊丽莎白说，不过她心里不能默许。会见达西先生的可能性，在参观该地时，立即发生了。那太可怕了！她一想到这个主意就脸红了，她认为最好是公开地对姑母说，而不是冒这样的风险。但与此有异议；她终于下定了决心，这可能是最后的资源，如果她的私人查询到，家里有没有人不回答。
Accordingly, when she retired at night, she asked the chambermaid whether   Pemberley were not a very fine place? what was the name of its proprietor?   and, with no little alarm, whether the family were down for the summer? A   most welcome negative followed the last question—and her alarms now   being removed, she was at leisure to feel a great deal of curiosity to see   the house herself; and when the subject was revived the next morning, and   she was again applied to, could readily answer, and with a proper air of   indifference, that she had not really any dislike to the scheme. To   Pemberley, therefore, they were to go.
因此，当她退休的晚上，她问服务员Pemberley是否是不是一个很好的地方吗？它的所有者叫什么名字？而且，没有一点警报，这个家庭是否在夏天避暑？最受欢迎的负后最后一个问题，她报警，现在被删除，她在休闲产生了极大的好奇心，看到自己的房子；当主体恢复，次日早晨，她再次被应用，可以很容易地回答，并有适当的空气冷漠的，她真的没有任何不喜欢的方案。Pemberley，因此，他们去。
Chapter 43
43章
Elizabeth, as they drove along, watched for the first appearance of   Pemberley Woods with some perturbation; and when at length they turned in   at the lodge, her spirits were in a high flutter.
伊丽莎白，他们一起开着车，看了一些扰动Pemberley Woods的首次亮相；当最后他们拐进小屋，她的精神是在一个高高飘扬。
The park was very large, and contained great variety of ground. They   entered it in one of its lowest points, and drove for some time through a   beautiful wood stretching over a wide extent.
这个公园很大，里面有各种各样的土地。他们进入了它的最低点之一，并通过一个美丽的木材在很长一段时间开车了一段时间。
Elizabeth’s mind was too full for conversation, but she saw and admired   every remarkable spot and point of view. They gradually ascended for   half-a-mile, and then found themselves at the top of a considerable   eminence, where the wood ceased, and the eye was instantly caught by   Pemberley House, situated on the opposite side of a valley, into which the   road with some abruptness wound. It was a large, handsome stone building,   standing well on rising ground, and backed by a ridge of high woody hills;   and in front, a stream of some natural importance was swelled into   greater, but without any artificial appearance. Its banks were neither   formal nor falsely adorned. Elizabeth was delighted. She had never seen a   place for which nature had done more, or where natural beauty had been so   little counteracted by an awkward taste. They were all of them warm in   their admiration; and at that moment she felt that to be mistress of   Pemberley might be something!
伊丽莎白的脑子里充满了交谈，但她看到并钦佩每一个非凡的地方和观点。他们逐渐上升为英里，然后发现自己在一个相当高的顶部，在木材停止，和眼睛立刻抓住了彭伯里的房子，坐落在一个山谷的对面，路有些唐突的伤口。那是一座高大的、漂亮的石头建筑，耸立在地上，背靠着高高的树木山丘，前面有一股天然的水流，更大些，但没有任何人工的外表。它的银行既不正规也不虚伪。伊丽莎白很高兴。她从来没有见过一个大自然能做得更多的地方，也没有见过一个地方的自然美景很少被一种尴尬的味道所抵消。大家都羡慕的温暖；在那一刻，她觉得是情妇彭伯里的可能是！
They descended the hill, crossed the bridge, and drove to the door; and,   while examining the nearer aspect of the house, all her apprehension of   meeting its owner returned. She dreaded lest the chambermaid had been   mistaken. On applying to see the place, they were admitted into the hall;   and Elizabeth, as they waited for the housekeeper, had leisure to wonder   at her being where she was.
他们下了山，穿过了桥，开车到门口，在检查房子的近距离时，她见到主人的忧虑又回来了。她担心侍女弄错了。在申请去看那个地方时，他们被允许进入大厅；伊丽莎白在等待管家的时候，有空想知道她在什么地方。
The housekeeper came; a respectable-looking elderly woman, much less fine,   and more civil, than she had any notion of finding her. They followed her   into the dining-parlour. It was a large, well proportioned room,   handsomely fitted up. Elizabeth, after slightly surveying it, went to a   window to enjoy its prospect. The hill, crowned with wood, which they had   descended, receiving increased abruptness from the distance, was a   beautiful object. Every disposition of the ground was good; and she looked   on the whole scene, the river, the trees scattered on its banks and the   winding of the valley, as far as she could trace it, with delight. As they   passed into other rooms these objects were taking different positions; but   from every window there were beauties to be seen. The rooms were lofty and   handsome, and their furniture suitable to the fortune of its proprietor;   but Elizabeth saw, with admiration of his taste, that it was neither gaudy   nor uselessly fine; with less of splendour, and more real elegance, than   the furniture of Rosings.
管家来了；一位相貌体面的老妇人，比她想找她的要差得多，也更懂礼貌。他们跟着她进了餐厅。那是一间大而匀称的房间，装修得很漂亮。伊丽莎白仔细观察后，走到窗前欣赏它的景色。山，有木，他们已经下降，从距离越来越陡峭，是一个美丽的对象。地上的每一种布置都是好的；她看着整个场景，河流，树木散落在河岸和蜿蜒的山谷，只要她能找到它，高兴地。当他们进入其他房间时，这些物体的位置不同，但从每一扇窗户都可以看到美丽的景色。房间都高大英俊，和他们的家具适合其所有者的财富；但看到伊丽莎白，随着他的品味赞赏，既不华丽也不必要的罚款；更辉煌，更真实的优雅，比罗新斯。
“And of this place,” thought she, “I might have been mistress! With these   rooms I might now have been familiarly acquainted! Instead of viewing them   as a stranger, I might have rejoiced in them as my own, and welcomed to   them as visitors my uncle and aunt. But no,”—recollecting herself—“that   could never be; my uncle and aunt would have been lost to me; I should not   have been allowed to invite them.”
“这个地方，”她想，“我可能是个情妇！这些房间我现在可能已经十分熟悉！我不可能把他们当作陌生人看待，我可能会把他们当作我自己的人，并作为我叔叔和婶婶的来访者向他们表示欢迎。但是没有，”回忆自己“永远不可能；我的叔叔和婶婶要了我；我不应该被允许邀请他们。”
This was a lucky recollection—it saved her from something very like   regret.
这是一个幸运的回忆，它救了她一个非常遗憾的东西。
She longed to inquire of the housekeeper whether her master was really   absent, but had not the courage for it. At length however, the question   was asked by her uncle; and she turned away with alarm, while Mrs.   Reynolds replied that he was, adding, “But we expect him to-morrow, with a   large party of friends.” How rejoiced was Elizabeth that their own journey   had not by any circumstance been delayed a day!
她渴望打听管家的主人是否真的不在，但没有勇气。最后，她叔叔问了一个问题，她惊慌地转过身去，雷诺兹太太回答说，他说：“但我们希望明天能有一大帮朋友，”伊丽莎白高兴地说，他们自己的旅行一天也没有耽误过一天！
Her aunt now called her to look at a picture. She approached and saw the   likeness of Mr. Wickham, suspended, amongst several other miniatures, over   the mantelpiece. Her aunt asked her, smilingly, how she liked it. The   housekeeper came forward, and told them it was a picture of a young   gentleman, the son of her late master’s steward, who had been brought up   by him at his own expense. “He is now gone into the army,” she added; “but   I am afraid he has turned out very wild.”
她的姑姑现在叫她看一幅画。她走近，看到相似的威克姆先生，暂停，以及其他几个微缩模型，在壁炉架上。她姑姑笑眯眯地问她，她是多么喜欢它。管家走上前去，告诉他们这是一幅年轻绅士的照片，是已故主人管家的儿子，是他自费养大的。“他现在上了军队，”她补充说，“但我担心他已经变得非常野了。”
Mrs. Gardiner looked at her niece with a smile, but Elizabeth could not   return it.
加德纳太太面带微笑地看着她的侄女，但伊丽莎白无法归还。
“And that,” said Mrs. Reynolds, pointing to another of the miniatures, “is   my master—and very like him. It was drawn at the same time as the   other—about eight years ago.”
“而且，”雷诺兹夫人说，指着另一个小的，“是我的主人很喜欢他。大约在八年前，它是在同一时间绘制的。
“I have heard much of your master’s fine person,” said Mrs. Gardiner,   looking at the picture; “it is a handsome face. But, Lizzy, you can tell   us whether it is like or not.”
“我听说过你主人的好人，”加德纳太太看着那幅画说，“这张脸很英俊。”。但是，Lizzy，你能告诉我们，不管是喜欢还是不喜欢。”
Mrs. Reynolds respect for Elizabeth seemed to increase on this intimation   of her knowing her master.
雷诺兹夫人对伊丽莎白的尊敬似乎在暗示她知道她的主人增加。
“Does that young lady know Mr. Darcy?”
“那位小姐认识达西先生吗？”“
Elizabeth coloured, and said: “A little.”
伊丽莎白涂上颜色，说：“一点点。”
“And do not you think him a very handsome gentleman, ma’am?”
“夫人，你不认为他是个非常英俊的绅士吗？“
“Yes, very handsome.”
“是的，非常英俊。”
“I am sure I know none so handsome; but in the gallery up stairs you will   see a finer, larger picture of him than this. This room was my late   master’s favourite room, and these miniatures are just as they used to be   then. He was very fond of them.”
“我相信我知道没有一个这么英俊，但在楼梯上你会看到一个更美好，更大的图片，他比这。这个房间是我的已故主人最喜欢的房间，和这些模型仅仅是因为他们曾经是那么。他非常喜欢他们。”
This accounted to Elizabeth for Mr. Wickham’s being among them.
这说明威克姆先生是他们中的伊丽莎白。
Mrs. Reynolds then directed their attention to one of Miss Darcy, drawn   when she was only eight years old.
然后，雷诺兹太太把注意力集中到了达西小姐的一位，当时她只有八岁。
“And is Miss Darcy as handsome as her brother?” said Mrs. Gardiner.
“达西小姐和她哥哥一样漂亮吗？”加德纳太太说。
“Oh! yes—the handsomest young lady that ever was seen; and so   accomplished!—She plays and sings all day long. In the next room is   a new instrument just come down for her—a present from my master;   she comes here to-morrow with him.”
“哦！好漂亮的小姐见过等完成！她整天都在唱歌和玩耍。在隔壁的房间里是一个新的仪器来了她从我的主人；她来到这里，明天他。”
Mr. Gardiner, whose manners were very easy and pleasant, encouraged her   communicativeness by his questions and remarks; Mrs. Reynolds, either by   pride or attachment, had evidently great pleasure in talking of her master   and his sister.
加德纳先生，他的举止很轻松愉快，他的问题和评论她的交际性鼓励；雷诺兹夫人，无论是骄傲或附件，显然非常乐意谈到她主人和他的妹妹。
“Is your master much at Pemberley in the course of the year?”
“你得在这一年中Pemberley的主人？“
“Not so much as I could wish, sir; but I dare say he may spend half his   time here; and Miss Darcy is always down for the summer months.”
“我可不想这么做，先生，但我敢说他可能把一半的时间都花在这儿了，达西小姐总是在夏天呆着。”
“Except,” thought Elizabeth, “when she goes to Ramsgate.”
“不，”伊丽莎白想，“当她去拉姆斯盖特。”
“If your master would marry, you might see more of him.”
“如果你的主人结婚，你可能会看到更多的他。”
“Yes, sir; but I do not know when that will be. I do not know who   is good enough for him.”
“是的，先生，但我不知道那是什么时候。我不知道谁配得上他。”
Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner smiled. Elizabeth could not help saying, “It is very   much to his credit, I am sure, that you should think so.”
加德纳夫妇笑了。伊丽莎白忍不住说：“我敢肯定，这是他的功劳，你应该这样想。”
“I say no more than the truth, and everybody will say that knows him,”   replied the other. Elizabeth thought this was going pretty far; and she   listened with increasing astonishment as the housekeeper added, “I have   never known a cross word from him in my life, and I have known him ever   since he was four years old.”
“我只说实话，每个人都会说认识他，”另一个回答道。伊丽莎白觉得这一切已经过去了，她听了越来越惊讶，管家又说：“我一生中从来没有听说过他的话，从他四岁起我就认识他了。”
This was praise, of all others most extraordinary, most opposite to her   ideas. That he was not a good-tempered man had been her firmest opinion.   Her keenest attention was awakened; she longed to hear more, and was   grateful to her uncle for saying:
这是赞美，是所有其他最不寻常的，与她的想法完全相反的。他是个脾气不好的人是她坚定的意见。她热切的关注被惊醒；她渴望听到更多，并感谢她叔叔说：
“There are very few people of whom so much can be said. You are lucky in   having such a master.”
“很少有人能说这么多话。你有这样的主人真是幸运。”
“Yes, sir, I know I am. If I were to go through the world, I could not   meet with a better. But I have always observed, that they who are   good-natured when children, are good-natured when they grow up; and he was   always the sweetest-tempered, most generous-hearted boy in the world.”
“是的，先生，我知道我是。如果我要穿越这个世界，我就不能更好地面对它。但我一直注意到，孩子们脾气好的人，长大后都是好脾气的，而且他一直是世界上最温和、最慷慨的男孩。”
Elizabeth almost stared at her. “Can this be Mr. Darcy?” thought she.
伊丽莎白几乎盯着她看。“这是达西先生吗？”她想。
“His father was an excellent man,” said Mrs. Gardiner.
“他的父亲是个优秀的人，”加德纳太太说。
“Yes, ma’am, that he was indeed; and his son will be just like him—just   as affable to the poor.”
“是的，夫人，他的确是这样；他的儿子也会像他一样对穷人和蔼可亲。”
Elizabeth listened, wondered, doubted, and was impatient for more. Mrs.   Reynolds could interest her on no other point. She related the subjects of   the pictures, the dimensions of the rooms, and the price of the furniture,   in vain. Mr. Gardiner, highly amused by the kind of family prejudice to   which he attributed her excessive commendation of her master, soon led   again to the subject; and she dwelt with energy on his many merits as they   proceeded together up the great staircase.
伊丽莎白听着，疑惑，怀疑，急切地想要更多。雷诺兹太太对她没什么兴趣。她把这些画的主题、房间的尺寸和家具的价格联系在一起，都是徒劳的。加德纳先生对他过分赞扬她的主人的那种家庭偏见感到非常好笑，很快又引出了这个话题；她在他走上大楼梯的时候，又把精力集中在他的许多优点上。
“He is the best landlord, and the best master,” said she, “that ever   lived; not like the wild young men nowadays, who think of nothing but   themselves. There is not one of his tenants or servants but will give him   a good name. Some people call him proud; but I am sure I never saw   anything of it. To my fancy, it is only because he does not rattle away   like other young men.”
“他是最好的地主，也是最好的主人，”她说，“曾经活着，不像现在那些只考虑自己的野蛮的年轻人。”。他的佃户和仆人都没有，只要给他一个好名声。有些人叫他骄傲，但我敢肯定我从来没有见过它。依我看，那只是因为他不像其他年轻人那样喋喋不休。
“In what an amiable light does this place him!” thought Elizabeth.
“这是多么可亲的灯光呀？”！伊丽莎白想。
“This fine account of him,” whispered her aunt as they walked, “is not   quite consistent with his behaviour to our poor friend.”
“对他这样好的描述，”姑妈边走边低声说，“和他对我们可怜的朋友的行为不太相符。”
“Perhaps we might be deceived.”
“也许我们会上当受骗。”
“That is not very likely; our authority was too good.”
“这不太可能，我们的权威太好了。”
On reaching the spacious lobby above they were shown into a very pretty   sitting-room, lately fitted up with greater elegance and lightness than   the apartments below; and were informed that it was but just done to give   pleasure to Miss Darcy, who had taken a liking to the room when last at   Pemberley.
在到达宽敞的大堂，在他们在一个很漂亮的客厅，最近安装了比楼下的房间的优雅和轻盈；并被告知，这只是做给达西小姐的乐趣，他看中了房间的时候，最后在彭伯里。
“He is certainly a good brother,” said Elizabeth, as she walked towards   one of the windows.
“他真是个好兄弟，”伊丽莎白朝一扇窗户走去。
Mrs. Reynolds anticipated Miss Darcy’s delight, when she should enter the   room. “And this is always the way with him,” she added. “Whatever can give   his sister any pleasure is sure to be done in a moment. There is nothing   he would not do for her.”
当达西太太走进房间时，雷诺兹太太预料到她很高兴。“他总是这样，”她补充道。任何能给他妹妹带来乐趣的事，一定要马上做。他什么也不会为她做的。”
The picture-gallery, and two or three of the principal bedrooms, were all   that remained to be shown. In the former were many good paintings; but   Elizabeth knew nothing of the art; and from such as had been already   visible below, she had willingly turned to look at some drawings of Miss   Darcy’s, in crayons, whose subjects were usually more interesting, and   also more intelligible.
图片画廊和两个或三个主要卧室，都是有待显示。在前者是许多好画，但伊丽莎白不知道的艺术，从下面已经可见的，她心甘情愿地去看一些达西小姐的画，在蜡笔，其主题通常更有趣，也更容易理解。
In the gallery there were many family portraits, but they could have   little to fix the attention of a stranger. Elizabeth walked in quest of   the only face whose features would be known to her. At last it arrested   her—and she beheld a striking resemblance to Mr. Darcy, with such a   smile over the face as she remembered to have sometimes seen when he   looked at her. She stood several minutes before the picture, in earnest   contemplation, and returned to it again before they quitted the gallery.   Mrs. Reynolds informed them that it had been taken in his father’s   lifetime.
在画廊里有许多家庭肖像，但他们几乎没有什么可以吸引陌生人的注意力。伊丽莎白走着去寻找唯一能让她知道她的容貌的面孔。最后，她把她逮捕了，她看到达西先生有一个惊人的相似之处，她脸上带着这样的微笑，她记得有时看到他时会看到她。她站在画面前几分钟，认真地沉思着，在离开画廊前又回到了原来的位置。雷诺兹太太告诉他们这件事是在他父亲的一生中发生的。
There was certainly at this moment, in Elizabeth’s mind, a more gentle   sensation towards the original than she had ever felt at the height of   their acquaintance. The commendation bestowed on him by Mrs. Reynolds was   of no trifling nature. What praise is more valuable than the praise of an   intelligent servant? As a brother, a landlord, a master, she considered   how many people’s happiness were in his guardianship!—how much of   pleasure or pain was it in his power to bestow!—how much of good or   evil must be done by him! Every idea that had been brought forward by the   housekeeper was favourable to his character, and as she stood before the   canvas on which he was represented, and fixed his eyes upon herself, she   thought of his regard with a deeper sentiment of gratitude than it had   ever raised before; she remembered its warmth, and softened its   impropriety of expression.
此时此刻，在伊丽莎白的心目中，对原作的感觉比她在他们相识时所感受到的更温柔。雷诺兹夫人给予他的赞扬并不是微不足道的。哪一个赞美比一个聪明的仆人的赞扬更有价值？作为一个兄弟，一个地主，一个主人，她考虑了多少人的幸福在他的监护！-他赐予的力量有多少快乐或痛苦？！他必须做多少善与恶！Every idea that had been brought forward by the   housekeeper was favourable to his character, and as she stood before the   canvas on which he was represented, and fixed his eyes upon herself, she   thought of his regard with a deeper sentiment of gratitude than it had   ever raised before; she remembered its warmth, and softened its   impropriety of expression.
When all of the house that was open to general inspection had been seen,   they returned downstairs, and, taking leave of the housekeeper, were   consigned over to the gardener, who met them at the hall-door.
当所有的房子都要接受一般检查时，他们回到楼下，离开管家，被送到园丁那里，他们在大厅门口迎接他们。
As they walked across the hall towards the river, Elizabeth turned back to   look again; her uncle and aunt stopped also, and while the former was   conjecturing as to the date of the building, the owner of it himself   suddenly came forward from the road, which led behind it to the stables.
当他们穿过大厅走向河边，伊丽莎白回头再看看；她的叔叔和阿姨也停止了，而前者是猜测作为建筑的日期，主人却突然向前的道路，导致后面的马厩。
They were within twenty yards of each other, and so abrupt was his   appearance, that it was impossible to avoid his sight. Their eyes   instantly met, and the cheeks of both were overspread with the deepest   blush. He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immovable from   surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party, and   spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least of   perfect civility.
他们在彼此二十码的范围内，他的外表如此突兀，以致于无法避开他的视线。他们的眼睛立刻满足，和两者的两颊涨得血红。他完全开始了，有一刻似乎没有什么可惊讶的，但很快就恢复了过来，朝着聚会走去，并对伊丽莎白说了话，如果不是完全镇静的话，至少是完全礼貌的。
She had instinctively turned away; but stopping on his approach, received   his compliments with an embarrassment impossible to be overcome. Had his   first appearance, or his resemblance to the picture they had just been   examining, been insufficient to assure the other two that they now saw Mr.   Darcy, the gardener’s expression of surprise, on beholding his master,   must immediately have told it. They stood a little aloof while he was   talking to their niece, who, astonished and confused, scarcely dared lift   her eyes to his face, and knew not what answer she returned to his civil   inquiries after her family. Amazed at the alteration of his manner since   they last parted, every sentence that he uttered was increasing her   embarrassment; and every idea of the impropriety of her being found there   recurring to her mind, the few minutes in which they continued were some   of the most uncomfortable in her life. Nor did he seem much more at ease;   when he spoke, his accent had none of its usual sedateness; and he   repeated his inquiries as to the time of her having left Longbourn, and of   her having stayed in Derbyshire, so often, and in so hurried a way, as   plainly spoke the distraction of his thoughts.
她本能地转过身去，但在他接近的时候停下来，以一种难以克服的窘迫接受了他的恭维。他的第一次出现，或他和他们刚刚检查图片，已不足以保证其他两个，他们现在看到达西先生，惊喜的园丁的表情，看到他的主人，必须立即告诉它。当他和侄女谈话时，他们站得有点冷淡，他既惊讶又困惑，几乎不敢抬起眼睛望着他的脸，也不知道她在他的家庭之后对他的民事询问的回答是什么。惊讶于他态度的改变因为他们最后分手，每一句话，他说的是增加她的尴尬；而她不当的每一个想法都有经常性的主意，几分钟，他们继续在她的生活中一些最不舒服。他也不觉得轻松多了；当他说话时，他的口音有其常态无；他重复他去调查她离开Longbourn的时候，和她在德比郡，所以常常在如此匆忙的方式，清楚地说自己的想法分心。
At length every idea seemed to fail him; and, after standing a few moments   without saying a word, he suddenly recollected himself, and took leave.
最后，他的每一个想法似乎都失败了，站了一会儿，一句话也没说，他突然想起了自己，便告辞了。
The others then joined her, and expressed admiration of his figure; but   Elizabeth heard not a word, and wholly engrossed by her own feelings,   followed them in silence. She was overpowered by shame and vexation. Her   coming there was the most unfortunate, the most ill-judged thing in the   world! How strange it must appear to him! In what a disgraceful light   might it not strike so vain a man! It might seem as if she had purposely   thrown herself in his way again! Oh! why did she come? Or, why did he thus   come a day before he was expected? Had they been only ten minutes sooner,   they should have been beyond the reach of his discrimination; for it was   plain that he was that moment arrived—that moment alighted from his   horse or his carriage. She blushed again and again over the perverseness   of the meeting. And his behaviour, so strikingly altered—what could   it mean? That he should even speak to her was amazing!—but to speak   with such civility, to inquire after her family! Never in her life had she   seen his manners so little dignified, never had he spoken with such   gentleness as on this unexpected meeting. What a contrast did it offer to   his last address in Rosings Park, when he put his letter into her hand!   She knew not what to think, or how to account for it.
其他人也跟着她，对他的身材表示钦佩，但伊丽莎白一句话也没听，完全沉浸在自己的感情里，默默地跟在他们后面。她真是说不出的羞愧和懊恼。她来到这里是世界上最不幸、最不明智的事！这对他来说一定很奇怪！多么可耻的光，它不会伤害如此虚荣的人！看来她好像又故意把他赶进去了！哦!她为什么来？或者，为什么他会在他被期待的前一天到来？他们只要早走十分钟，他们应该已经超出了见了；很明显，他是那一刻到来的那一刻突然从他的马或马车。她脸红了，一次又一次在会议的倔强。他的行为如此明显地改变了它意味着什么？他甚至应该和她说话是令人惊异的！但是说话要礼貌些，要问候她的家人！她一生中从未见过他的举止如此端庄，从来没有像这次意外的会面那样温和。什么是对比没有提供他在罗新斯园最后的地址，当他把信交给她！她不知道该怎么想，也不知道该怎么解释。
They had now entered a beautiful walk by the side of the water, and every   step was bringing forward a nobler fall of ground, or a finer reach of the   woods to which they were approaching; but it was some time before   Elizabeth was sensible of any of it; and, though she answered mechanically   to the repeated appeals of her uncle and aunt, and seemed to direct her   eyes to such objects as they pointed out, she distinguished no part of the   scene. Her thoughts were all fixed on that one spot of Pemberley House,   whichever it might be, where Mr. Darcy then was. She longed to know what   at the moment was passing in his mind—in what manner he thought of   her, and whether, in defiance of everything, she was still dear to him.   Perhaps he had been civil only because he felt himself at ease; yet there   had been that in his voice which was not like ease. Whether he had   felt more of pain or of pleasure in seeing her she could not tell, but he   certainly had not seen her with composure.
他们现在通过身边的水进入了一个美丽的行走，每一步是提出一种高贵的地面塌陷，或细到树林里，他们接近；但这是一段时间之前，伊丽莎白是明智的任何它；和，虽然她说她的叔叔和机械阿姨一再申诉，似乎直接她的眼睛这样的对象为他们指出，她杰出的任何部分的场景。她一心一点庄园的房子，无论它可能是，在达西先生之后。她很想知道此刻他脑子里想的是什么，他是怎样看待她的，是否藐视一切，对他来说仍然是珍贵的。也许他只是因为感到自在才有礼貌，但他的声音里却有一种不那么轻松的声音。她看不清他是否感到痛苦或高兴，但他肯定没有平静地看见她。
At length, however, the remarks of her companions on her absence of mind   aroused her, and she felt the necessity of appearing more like herself.
然而，她的同伴们对她没有思想的评论终于引起了她的注意，她觉得有必要显得更像她自己。
They entered the woods, and bidding adieu to the river for a while,   ascended some of the higher grounds; when, in spots where the opening of   the trees gave the eye power to wander, were many charming views of the   valley, the opposite hills, with the long range of woods overspreading   many, and occasionally part of the stream. Mr. Gardiner expressed a wish   of going round the whole park, but feared it might be beyond a walk. With   a triumphant smile they were told that it was ten miles round. It settled   the matter; and they pursued the accustomed circuit; which brought them   again, after some time, in a descent among hanging woods, to the edge of   the water, and one of its narrowest parts. They crossed it by a simple   bridge, in character with the general air of the scene; it was a spot less   adorned than any they had yet visited; and the valley, here contracted   into a glen, allowed room only for the stream, and a narrow walk amidst   the rough coppice-wood which bordered it. Elizabeth longed to explore its   windings; but when they had crossed the bridge, and perceived their   distance from the house, Mrs. Gardiner, who was not a great walker, could   go no farther, and thought only of returning to the carriage as quickly as   possible. Her niece was, therefore, obliged to submit, and they took their   way towards the house on the opposite side of the river, in the nearest   direction; but their progress was slow, for Mr. Gardiner, though seldom   able to indulge the taste, was very fond of fishing, and was so much   engaged in watching the occasional appearance of some trout in the water,   and talking to the man about them, that he advanced but little. Whilst   wandering on in this slow manner, they were again surprised, and   Elizabeth’s astonishment was quite equal to what it had been at first, by   the sight of Mr. Darcy approaching them, and at no great distance. The   walk here being here less sheltered than on the other side, allowed them   to see him before they met. Elizabeth, however astonished, was at least   more prepared for an interview than before, and resolved to appear and to   speak with calmness, if he really intended to meet them. For a few   moments, indeed, she felt that he would probably strike into some other   path. The idea lasted while a turning in the walk concealed him from their   view; the turning past, he was immediately before them. With a glance, she   saw that he had lost none of his recent civility; and, to imitate his   politeness, she began, as they met, to admire the beauty of the place; but   she had not got beyond the words “delightful,” and “charming,” when some   unlucky recollections obtruded, and she fancied that praise of Pemberley   from her might be mischievously construed. Her colour changed, and she   said no more.
他们走进树林，并告别了一会儿河，登上；当地方的树开了眼帘，有许多迷人的美景，对面的山上，有许多树林蔓延的长程，偶尔的流部分。加德纳先生表示希望周游整个公园，但担心这可能超出了散步的范围。他们得意洋洋地笑了笑，被告知那是十英里。它解决了这件事；他们沿着惯常的线路走了一段时间后，又把它们带到悬着的树林中，来到了水的边缘，这是其中最窄的部分之一。他们通过一个简单的桥，在性质上与周围的景色；它是一个点的装饰比任何他们所到过的；和山谷，这里收缩成格伦，允许房间只为流，和一个狭窄的走在粗糙的杂树丛，它的周围。伊丽莎白渴望探索它的线圈，但当他们过桥时，发现他们离房子远了，加德纳夫人，他不是一个伟大的步行者，不能再往前走了，只想着尽快回到马车上去。她的外甥女，因此，不得不屈服，他们把他们的方式向房子在河的对面，在最近的方向；但他们的进步是缓慢的，加德纳先生，虽然很少能放纵的味道，很喜欢钓鱼，和这么多从事看的水有鱼偶尔露面，并谈论他们的人，他提出的但小。当他们以这种缓慢的步伐继续前进时，他们又一次感到惊讶，而伊丽莎白的惊讶与当初达西先生走近他们时的惊讶完全一致，而且距离也不远。这里的散步比另一边的庇护少，允许他们在见面之前见到他。然而，伊丽莎白感到惊讶的是，他至少比以前更准备接受采访，并决心表现得冷静一点，如果他真的想和他们见面的话。事实上，她觉得他可能会走上另一条路。这个想法持续了一会儿，一个转弯的路把他从他们的视线中隐藏了出来。看了一眼，她看到他已经失去了他最近的文明没有；，模仿他的礼貌，她开始，他们相遇了，欣赏美丽的地方；但是她还没有超出“可爱”、“迷人的，“当一些不幸的回忆，爱，她想从她对Pemberley的赞美可能会顽皮地解释。她的脸色变了，她不再说话了。
Mrs. Gardiner was standing a little behind; and on her pausing, he asked   her if she would do him the honour of introducing him to her friends. This   was a stroke of civility for which she was quite unprepared; and she could   hardly suppress a smile at his being now seeking the acquaintance of some   of those very people against whom his pride had revolted in his offer to   herself. “What will be his surprise,” thought she, “when he knows who they   are? He takes them now for people of fashion.”
加德纳太太站在后面，在她停下来时，他问她是否愿意把他介绍给她的朋友。这是一个中风的礼貌周到，她猝不及防；她简直忍不住笑他现在寻求认识一些人反对他的骄傲已经叛变他向自己。“当她知道他们是谁的时候，他会感到什么样的惊喜呢？”她想。他现在把他们当作时尚人士。”
The introduction, however, was immediately made; and as she named their   relationship to herself, she stole a sly look at him, to see how he bore   it, and was not without the expectation of his decamping as fast as he   could from such disgraceful companions. That he was surprised by   the connection was evident; he sustained it, however, with fortitude, and   so far from going away, turned back with them, and entered into   conversation with Mr. Gardiner. Elizabeth could not but be pleased, could   not but triumph. It was consoling that he should know she had some   relations for whom there was no need to blush. She listened most   attentively to all that passed between them, and gloried in every   expression, every sentence of her uncle, which marked his intelligence,   his taste, or his good manners.
然而，立刻做出介绍，并为她取名为他们的关系；对自己，她偷偷地瞟了他一眼，看他，是不是他就会尽可能快地从这些丢脸的朋友的期望。他对这种联系感到惊讶，这是显而易见的，但他坚持着，坚定地离开了，转身离开了他们，与加德纳先生攀谈起来。伊丽莎白忍不住高兴，忍不住胜利了。安慰，他应该知道她有关系的人没有必要脸红了。她十分留心地听着，他们之间传递，并得意于每个表情，她的叔叔的每一句话，这标志着他的智慧，他的味道，和他的礼貌。
The conversation soon turned upon fishing; and she heard Mr. Darcy invite   him, with the greatest civility, to fish there as often as he chose while   he continued in the neighbourhood, offering at the same time to supply him   with fishing tackle, and pointing out those parts of the stream where   there was usually most sport. Mrs. Gardiner, who was walking arm-in-arm   with Elizabeth, gave her a look expressive of wonder. Elizabeth said   nothing, but it gratified her exceedingly; the compliment must be all for   herself. Her astonishment, however, was extreme, and continually was she   repeating, “Why is he so altered? From what can it proceed? It cannot be   for me—it cannot be for my sake that his manners are   thus softened. My reproofs at Hunsford could not work such a change as   this. It is impossible that he should still love me.”
谈话很快就转到了钓鱼上，她听到达西先生非常礼貌地邀请他，在他继续在附近的时候经常去钓鱼，同时提供给他钓鱼用具，并指出那些经常运动的小河的部分。加德纳太太正和伊丽莎白手挽着手走着，她露出惊奇的表情。伊丽莎白什么也没说，但这使她非常高兴，恭维话全是为了她自己。然而，她的惊讶是极端的，她不断地重复说：“为什么他如此改变？”从什么可以进行？对我来说，他的举止不能因此软化。我的责备在汉斯福可能不象是。他不可能还爱我。”
After walking some time in this way, the two ladies in front, the two   gentlemen behind, on resuming their places, after descending to the brink   of the river for the better inspection of some curious water-plant, there   chanced to be a little alteration. It originated in Mrs. Gardiner, who,   fatigued by the exercise of the morning, found Elizabeth’s arm inadequate   to her support, and consequently preferred her husband’s. Mr. Darcy took   her place by her niece, and they walked on together. After a short   silence, the lady first spoke. She wished him to know that she had been   assured of his absence before she came to the place, and accordingly began   by observing, that his arrival had been very unexpected—“for your   housekeeper,” she added, “informed us that you would certainly not be here   till to-morrow; and indeed, before we left Bakewell, we understood that   you were not immediately expected in the country.” He acknowledged the   truth of it all, and said that business with his steward had occasioned   his coming forward a few hours before the rest of the party with whom he   had been travelling. “They will join me early to-morrow,” he continued,   “and among them are some who will claim an acquaintance with you—Mr.   Bingley and his sisters.”
走了一段时间，前面的两位女士，后面的两位绅士，为了寻找更好的好水植物，回到了河边，发现有一点变化。它起源于加德纳夫人，她因早上的活动感到疲倦，发现伊丽莎白的手臂不适合她的支持，因此更喜欢她的丈夫。达西先生代替了她的侄女，他们一起走着。沉默了一会儿，女士先开口了。她希望他知道她已经确信他不在家后才来的，并因此开始观察，他的到来很意外“你的管家，”她补充道，“告诉我们，你肯定不会在这里到明天；事实上，在我们离开之前，榛子，我们知道，你不会一下子全国。”他承认这一切都是事实，并表示，业务与他的管家所引起他出来前几个小时，其余的人与他旅行了。“他们将加入我明天一大早，”他继续说，“他们中的一些人会声称与you-mr.彬格莱和他的姐妹相识。”
Elizabeth answered only by a slight bow. Her thoughts were instantly   driven back to the time when Mr. Bingley’s name had been the last   mentioned between them; and, if she might judge by his complexion, his   mind was not very differently engaged.
伊丽莎白只是微微鞠了一躬。她的思绪立刻又回到了宾利先生的名字是他们之间最后提到的那个时候，如果她能根据他的脸色判断，他的想法就不会有什么不同了。
“There is also one other person in the party,” he continued after a pause,   “who more particularly wishes to be known to you. Will you allow me, or do   I ask too much, to introduce my sister to your acquaintance during your   stay at Lambton?”
“聚会上还有另外一个人，”他停顿了一下后继续说，“谁更愿意让你知道呢？”。你会允许我，还是我要求的太多了，你在Lambton期间介绍我妹妹给你认识？“
The surprise of such an application was great indeed; it was too great for   her to know in what manner she acceded to it. She immediately felt that   whatever desire Miss Darcy might have of being acquainted with her must be   the work of her brother, and, without looking farther, it was   satisfactory; it was gratifying to know that his resentment had not made   him think really ill of her.
这样一个申请的惊喜真是太好了，她不知道她是怎么加入的。她立刻觉得达西小姐要是想和她相识，就一定是她哥哥的工作，更不用说再看下去了，这是令人满意的。
They now walked on in silence, each of them deep in thought. Elizabeth was   not comfortable; that was impossible; but she was flattered and pleased.   His wish of introducing his sister to her was a compliment of the highest   kind. They soon outstripped the others, and when they had reached the   carriage, Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner were half a quarter of a mile behind.
他们默默地往前走，每个人都在沉思。伊丽莎白不舒服，那是不可能的，但她受宠若惊，很高兴。他想把他妹妹介绍给她是一种最崇高的赞美。他们很快就超过了其他人，当他们走到马车，加德纳先生和夫人半个四分之一英里的背后。
He then asked her to walk into the house—but she declared herself   not tired, and they stood together on the lawn. At such a time much might   have been said, and silence was very awkward. She wanted to talk, but   there seemed to be an embargo on every subject. At last she recollected   that she had been travelling, and they talked of Matlock and Dove Dale   with great perseverance. Yet time and her aunt moved slowly—and her   patience and her ideas were nearly worn out before the tete-a-tete was   over. On Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner’s coming up they were all pressed to go   into the house and take some refreshment; but this was declined, and they   parted on each side with utmost politeness. Mr. Darcy handed the ladies   into the carriage; and when it drove off, Elizabeth saw him walking slowly   towards the house.
然后，他请她走进房子，但她说自己不累，他们站在一起的草坪上。在这样的时刻，人们可能会说很多话，沉默是很尴尬的。她想说话，但似乎对每个问题都有禁令。最后她想起了自己正在旅行，和他们谈论Matlock和Dove Dale以极大的毅力。然而时间和姑姑慢慢地和她的耐心和她的想法几乎耗尽之前的对话结束了。加德纳夫妇来了，他们都被要求进屋里喝点东西，但这一声谢绝了，双方都彬彬有礼地分手了。达西先生把女士们交上马车；当车开走时，伊丽莎白看见他慢慢地向房子走去。
The observations of her uncle and aunt now began; and each of them   pronounced him to be infinitely superior to anything they had expected.   “He is perfectly well behaved, polite, and unassuming,” said her uncle.
她的叔叔和婶婶的观察现在开始了，他们每个人都声称他比他们所期望的要好得多。“他行为端正，彬彬有礼，谦逊，”她的叔叔说。
“There is something a little stately in him, to be sure,” replied   her aunt, “but it is confined to his air, and is not unbecoming. I can now   say with the housekeeper, that though some people may call him proud, I   have seen nothing of it.”
“有什么东西在他一点庄严，可以肯定的是，“说她阿姨，“但这仅限于他的空气，并不是不相称。现在我可以跟管家说，虽然有些人可能叫他骄傲，但我什么也没看到。”
“I was never more surprised than by his behaviour to us. It was more than   civil; it was really attentive; and there was no necessity for such   attention. His acquaintance with Elizabeth was very trifling.”
我从来没有比他对我们的行为更惊讶。它不仅仅是民间的，它是真正的殷勤，而且没有必要如此注意。他和伊丽莎白的相识很小。
“To be sure, Lizzy,” said her aunt, “he is not so handsome as Wickham; or,   rather, he has not Wickham’s countenance, for his features are perfectly   good. But how came you to tell me that he was so disagreeable?”
“可以肯定的是，Lizzy，”她的姑妈说，“他没有威克姆那么帅；或者，相反的，他没有威克姆的面容，他的特点是非常好的。你怎么告诉我他那么讨厌？“
Elizabeth excused herself as well as she could; said that she had liked   him better when they had met in Kent than before, and that she had never   seen him so pleasant as this morning.
伊丽莎白尽可能地原谅了自己，说她在肯特郡遇到的时候比以前更喜欢他了，她从来没有见过他这么愉快。
“But perhaps he may be a little whimsical in his civilities,” replied her   uncle. “Your great men often are; and therefore I shall not take him at   his word, as he might change his mind another day, and warn me off his   grounds.”
“但他可能会在他的礼貌有点异想天开，”回答她的叔叔。“你的伟人常来，因此我不接受他的话，因为他可能改天改变主意，并警告我离开他的理由。”
Elizabeth felt that they had entirely misunderstood his character, but   said nothing.
伊丽莎白觉得他们完全误解了他的性格，但什么也没说。
“From what we have seen of him,” continued Mrs. Gardiner, “I really should   not have thought that he could have behaved in so cruel a way by anybody   as he has done by poor Wickham. He has not an ill-natured look. On the   contrary, there is something pleasing about his mouth when he speaks. And   there is something of dignity in his countenance that would not give one   an unfavourable idea of his heart. But, to be sure, the good lady who   showed us his house did give him a most flaming character! I could hardly   help laughing aloud sometimes. But he is a liberal master, I suppose, and   that in the eye of a servant comprehends every virtue.”
“从我们所看到的他身上，”加德纳太太继续说，“我真的不应该想到他会像他可怜的威克姆那样残忍地对待任何人。他没有恶意的表情。相反地，当他说话的时候，他的嘴巴有点讨人喜欢。他的脸上有一种尊严，不会使人对他的心产生不利的想法。但是，可以肯定的是，给我们看他的房子的那位好太太确实给了他一个最火的性格！我有时忍不住笑出声来。但我想，他是一个自由的主人，在仆人的眼里，他能理解每一种美德。”
Elizabeth here felt herself called on to say something in vindication of   his behaviour to Wickham; and therefore gave them to understand, in as   guarded a manner as she could, that by what she had heard from his   relations in Kent, his actions were capable of a very different   construction; and that his character was by no means so faulty, nor   Wickham’s so amiable, as they had been considered in Hertfordshire. In   confirmation of this, she related the particulars of all the pecuniary   transactions in which they had been connected, without actually naming her   authority, but stating it to be such as might be relied on.
伊丽莎白感到自己在说他的行为给威克姆平反的东西；因此给他们理解，在谨慎的方式，她可以，她从他的关系在Kent听到的，他的行为是可以非常不同的建筑；而他的性格绝不是这样错误，也没有威克姆那么和蔼可亲，因为他们被认为是在赫特福德郡。为了证实这一点，她将他们所连接的所有金钱交易的细节联系在一起，而不实际地说出她的权力，但声明它是可以信赖的。
Mrs. Gardiner was surprised and concerned; but as they were now   approaching the scene of her former pleasures, every idea gave way to the   charm of recollection; and she was too much engaged in pointing out to her   husband all the interesting spots in its environs to think of anything   else. Fatigued as she had been by the morning’s walk they had no sooner   dined than she set off again in quest of her former acquaintance, and the   evening was spent in the satisfactions of a intercourse renewed after many   years’ discontinuance.
加德纳太太很惊讶，很担心，但当他们正在接近她以前的快乐的时候，每一个想法都变成了回忆的魅力；她太专注于向她丈夫指出周围的一切有趣的地方，想别的事情。疲惫的她被早晨的散步他们刚吃过饭，她又动身前相识的追求，和晚上一个交往多年的更新后中止的满意度。
The occurrences of the day were too full of interest to leave Elizabeth   much attention for any of these new friends; and she could do nothing but   think, and think with wonder, of Mr. Darcy’s civility, and, above all, of   his wishing her to be acquainted with his sister.
这一天发生的事情太多了，使伊丽莎白不太注意这些新朋友，她只能想一想，想一想达西先生的礼貌，尤其是他希望她能认识他的妹妹。
Chapter 44
44章
Elizabeth had settled it that Mr. Darcy would bring his sister to visit   her the very day after her reaching Pemberley; and was consequently   resolved not to be out of sight of the inn the whole of that morning. But   her conclusion was false; for on the very morning after their arrival at   Lambton, these visitors came. They had been walking about the place with   some of their new friends, and were just returning to the inn to dress   themselves for dining with the same family, when the sound of a carriage   drew them to a window, and they saw a gentleman and a lady in a curricle   driving up the street. Elizabeth immediately recognizing the livery,   guessed what it meant, and imparted no small degree of her surprise to her   relations by acquainting them with the honour which she expected. Her   uncle and aunt were all amazement; and the embarrassment of her manner as   she spoke, joined to the circumstance itself, and many of the   circumstances of the preceding day, opened to them a new idea on the   business. Nothing had ever suggested it before, but they felt that there   was no other way of accounting for such attentions from such a quarter   than by supposing a partiality for their niece. While these newly-born   notions were passing in their heads, the perturbation of Elizabeth’s   feelings was at every moment increasing. She was quite amazed at her own   discomposure; but amongst other causes of disquiet, she dreaded lest the   partiality of the brother should have said too much in her favour; and,   more than commonly anxious to please, she naturally suspected that every   power of pleasing would fail her.
伊丽莎白料定达西先生会带着他的妹妹在她到达Pemberley后，当天拜访她；因此他决不离开旅馆，整个上午的景象。但她的结论是错误的；对他们的到来在莱姆顿后很早，这些游客来了。他们已经走了他们的一些新朋友的地方，只是回到酒店来打扮自己，对于同一家餐厅，当马车的声音吸引了他们的一个窗口，他们看见一个绅士，在街上一位女士便开车。伊丽莎白立即认识到制服，猜测它的意思，并传授了不小程度的她的关系她惊奇的是，通过认识与她所期望的荣誉。她的叔叔和婶婶都很惊讶，她说话时的那种尴尬态度，加上环境本身，还有前一天的许多情况，使他们对生意有了新的认识。以前从未有人提出过这种事，但他们觉得，从这样一个季度中得到这样的殷勤，除了对侄女的偏爱外，没有别的办法了。当这些新生的观念在他们头脑中传递时，伊丽莎白的情绪每时每刻都在增加。她很惊讶自己的不安；但在不安的其它原因，她担心哥哥的偏好应该支持她的太多说；和，比一般的想讨好，她自然怀疑取悦每一功率会负心。
She retreated from the window, fearful of being seen; and as she walked up   and down the room, endeavouring to compose herself, saw such looks of   inquiring surprise in her uncle and aunt as made everything worse.
她退出了窗口，害怕被看到；当她在房间里走来走去，努力使自己平静下来，看到在她的叔叔和阿姨在做的一切更糟查询惊喜看起来。
Miss Darcy and her brother appeared, and this formidable introduction took   place. With astonishment did Elizabeth see that her new acquaintance was   at least as much embarrassed as herself. Since her being at Lambton, she   had heard that Miss Darcy was exceedingly proud; but the observation of a   very few minutes convinced her that she was only exceedingly shy. She   found it difficult to obtain even a word from her beyond a monosyllable.
达西小姐和她的哥哥出现了，这个可怕的介绍发生了。伊丽莎白惊讶地发现她的新朋友至少和她一样尴尬。自从她在莱姆顿，她听说达西小姐非常自豪；但一个几分钟的观察使她相信，她是非常害羞的。她发现很难获得甚至一个字从她超过一个音节。
Miss Darcy was tall, and on a larger scale than Elizabeth; and, though   little more than sixteen, her figure was formed, and her appearance   womanly and graceful. She was less handsome than her brother; but there   was sense and good humour in her face, and her manners were perfectly   unassuming and gentle. Elizabeth, who had expected to find in her as acute   and unembarrassed an observer as ever Mr. Darcy had been, was much   relieved by discerning such different feelings.
达西小姐个子很高，和在更大的规模比伊丽莎白；和，虽然很少超过十六，她的身材和她的外表形成的，女性的优雅。她不如她哥哥英俊，但她的脸上却充满了理智和幽默，她的举止非常谦逊和文雅。伊丽莎白，谁曾认为她急害羞的观察员一样达西先生已经被挑剔的这种不同的感觉轻松多了。
They had not long been together before Mr. Darcy told her that Bingley was   also coming to wait on her; and she had barely time to express her   satisfaction, and prepare for such a visitor, when Bingley’s quick step   was heard on the stairs, and in a moment he entered the room. All   Elizabeth’s anger against him had been long done away; but had she still   felt any, it could hardly have stood its ground against the unaffected   cordiality with which he expressed himself on seeing her again. He   inquired in a friendly, though general way, after her family, and looked   and spoke with the same good-humoured ease that he had ever done.
他们还没在一起，达西先生告诉她宾利也要来伺候她，她几乎没有时间来表示满意，为这样的客人做准备，这时宾利的脚步声在楼梯上听到了，一会儿他就进了房间。伊丽莎白所有的愤怒对他早已做了；但她仍然觉得有，它不可能站在了地面，对受影响的情意，他表达了自己对再次见到她。他问在一个友好的，但一般的方式，在自己的家庭，和说话和表情同脾气好轻松，他所做的。
To Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner he was scarcely a less interesting personage than   to herself. They had long wished to see him. The whole party before them,   indeed, excited a lively attention. The suspicions which had just arisen   of Mr. Darcy and their niece directed their observation towards each with   an earnest though guarded inquiry; and they soon drew from those inquiries   the full conviction that one of them at least knew what it was to love. Of   the lady’s sensations they remained a little in doubt; but that the   gentleman was overflowing with admiration was evident enough.
对加德纳夫妇来说，他本身并不是什么有趣的人物。他们早就想见到他了。他们面前的全党，的确引起了热烈的注意。达西先生和他们的侄女刚刚提出的猜疑，以谨慎而谨慎的调查指导着他们，他们很快就从这些询问中得出了一个完全的信念，即他们中的一个至少知道什么是爱。女士的感觉，他们仍然有点怀疑，但这位先生充满了钦佩是显而易见的。
Elizabeth, on her side, had much to do. She wanted to ascertain the   feelings of each of her visitors; she wanted to compose her own, and to   make herself agreeable to all; and in the latter object, where she feared   most to fail, she was most sure of success, for those to whom she   endeavoured to give pleasure were prepossessed in her favour. Bingley was   ready, Georgiana was eager, and Darcy determined, to be pleased.
伊丽莎白站在她一边，有很多事要做。她想确定每一个来访者的感情；她想做她自己，并使自己的所有人；而在后者的对象，她最怕失败，她最成功的肯定，对那些她想让快乐都提出对她有利。宾利准备好了，Georgiana很热情，和达西决定的，高兴的。
In seeing Bingley, her thoughts naturally flew to her sister; and, oh! how   ardently did she long to know whether any of his were directed in a like   manner. Sometimes she could fancy that he talked less than on former   occasions, and once or twice pleased herself with the notion that, as he   looked at her, he was trying to trace a resemblance. But, though this   might be imaginary, she could not be deceived as to his behaviour to Miss   Darcy, who had been set up as a rival to Jane. No look appeared on either   side that spoke particular regard. Nothing occurred between them that   could justify the hopes of his sister. On this point she was soon   satisfied; and two or three little circumstances occurred ere they parted,   which, in her anxious interpretation, denoted a recollection of Jane not   untinctured by tenderness, and a wish of saying more that might lead to   the mention of her, had he dared. He observed to her, at a moment when the   others were talking together, and in a tone which had something of real   regret, that it “was a very long time since he had had the pleasure of   seeing her;” and, before she could reply, he added, “It is above eight   months. We have not met since the 26th of November, when we were all   dancing together at Netherfield.”
看到宾利，她的思绪自然而然地飞向她的姐姐！她多么热切地想知道他是否有过类似的行为。有时她可以想象他说话比以前少了，有时她会高兴地发现，当他看着她时，他在试图寻找一个相似之处。但是，尽管这可能是虚构的，但她不能被欺骗，因为他对达西小姐的态度是错误的，他曾是简的对手。两边都没有特别提到的表情。他们之间没有任何事能证明他姐姐的希望是正当的。在这一点上，她很快就满意了；和两个或三个点的情况下发生的，在他们分手了，她着急的解释，表示简不由回忆特情的柔情，和一个愿望说更可能导致她提，他不敢。他对她说，就在其他人正在谈话的时候，用一种真正令人遗憾的语气说，“这是他见到她很长时间了”，她还没来得及回答，他又说：“已经超过八个月了。”。我们没有遇到自十一月二十六日以来，当我们都在一起跳舞在Netherfield。”
Elizabeth was pleased to find his memory so exact; and he afterwards took   occasion to ask her, when unattended to by any of the rest, whether all   her sisters were at Longbourn. There was not much in the question, nor in   the preceding remark; but there was a look and a manner which gave them   meaning.
伊丽莎白很高兴地发现自己的记忆如此精确的；后来他又趁着问她，如果不注意休息，是否所有的姐妹们都在Longbourn。问题不多，前面的话也不多，但有一种眼神和态度给了他们意义。
It was not often that she could turn her eyes on Mr. Darcy himself; but,   whenever she did catch a glimpse, she saw an expression of general   complaisance, and in all that he said she heard an accent so removed from   hauteur or disdain of his companions, as convinced her that the   improvement of manners which she had yesterday witnessed however temporary   its existence might prove, had at least outlived one day. When she saw him   thus seeking the acquaintance and courting the good opinion of people with   whom any intercourse a few months ago would have been a disgrace—when   she saw him thus civil, not only to herself, but to the very relations   whom he had openly disdained, and recollected their last lively scene in   Hunsford Parsonage—the difference, the change was so great, and   struck so forcibly on her mind, that she could hardly restrain her   astonishment from being visible. Never, even in the company of his dear   friends at Netherfield, or his dignified relations at Rosings, had she   seen him so desirous to please, so free from self-consequence or unbending   reserve, as now, when no importance could result from the success of his   endeavours, and when even the acquaintance of those to whom his attentions   were addressed would draw down the ridicule and censure of the ladies both   of Netherfield and Rosings.
这不是经常，她可以把她的眼睛在达西先生自己；但是，每当她看一眼，她看见一般柔顺的一种表达，在这他说她听口音，所以从他的同伴傲慢或轻视去除，为说服她，她昨天的改进方式然而，它的存在可能是暂时的见证，至少有过一天。当她看到他寻求的认识和追求的人的好感与他几个月前的任何行为将是一个耻辱，她因此市民见到他时，不仅对自己，而且很关系他曾公开蔑视，和回忆他们最后的热闹场景在汉斯福牧师的差异，变化是如此之大，就这么强行在她的脑海里，她几乎无法抑制自己的惊讶是可见的。从来没有，即使在他在Netherfield的朋友的公司，或者他在罗新斯的体面关系，她见过他，所以想请，所以摆脱自我的后果或倔强的储备，现在，当没有重要性可能导致从他的努力和成功，即使那些相识的人他的殷勤提出了将减少嘲笑和Netherfield和Rosings女士的指责。
Their visitors stayed with them above half-an-hour; and when they arose to   depart, Mr. Darcy called on his sister to join him in expressing their   wish of seeing Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, and Miss Bennet, to dinner at   Pemberley, before they left the country. Miss Darcy, though with a   diffidence which marked her little in the habit of giving invitations,   readily obeyed. Mrs. Gardiner looked at her niece, desirous of knowing how   she, whom the invitation most concerned, felt disposed as to its   acceptance, but Elizabeth had turned away her head. Presuming however,   that this studied avoidance spoke rather a momentary embarrassment than   any dislike of the proposal, and seeing in her husband, who was fond of   society, a perfect willingness to accept it, she ventured to engage for   her attendance, and the day after the next was fixed on.
他们的游客他们半个小时以上；当他们起身离开，达西先生叫他妹妹和他一起表达他们看到加德纳先生和夫人的愿望，Bennet小姐，去Pemberley，在他们离开的国家。达西小姐，虽然有疑心这标志着她的小在给邀请的习惯，随时听从。加德纳太太看着她的侄女，想知道她最关心的邀请是如何接受的，但伊丽莎白已经把头转过去了。然而，本研究假定，避免说话而一时的尴尬比任何不喜欢的建议，并看到她的丈夫，谁喜欢的社会，一个完美的接受意愿，她大胆答应她出席，与天在后天。
Bingley expressed great pleasure in the certainty of seeing Elizabeth   again, having still a great deal to say to her, and many inquiries to make   after all their Hertfordshire friends. Elizabeth, construing all this into   a wish of hearing her speak of her sister, was pleased, and on this   account, as well as some others, found herself, when their visitors left   them, capable of considering the last half-hour with some satisfaction,   though while it was passing, the enjoyment of it had been little. Eager to   be alone, and fearful of inquiries or hints from her uncle and aunt, she   stayed with them only long enough to hear their favourable opinion of   Bingley, and then hurried away to dress.
宾利表示，在看到伊丽莎白再次肯定很高兴，还对她说很多，很多的问题要问毕竟他们赫特福德郡的朋友。伊丽莎白，解释这一切成愿听她讲她的妹妹，很高兴，并在此帐户，以及其他一些人，发现自己，当客人走了以后，可以考虑一些满意的最后半个小时，虽然是过客，享受它被小。她渴望独处，害怕叔叔和婶婶的询问或暗示，只和他们呆在一起，只听到他们对宾利的好感，然后匆匆忙忙地去穿衣服。
But she had no reason to fear Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner’s curiosity; it was   not their wish to force her communication. It was evident that she was   much better acquainted with Mr. Darcy than they had before any idea of; it   was evident that he was very much in love with her. They saw much to   interest, but nothing to justify inquiry.
但她没有理由害怕加德纳夫妇的好奇心，这不是他们强迫她交流的愿望。很明显，她对达西先生的了解比他们之前知道的还要多，很明显他非常爱她。他们看到了许多令人感兴趣的东西，但没有什么正当理由进行调查。
Of Mr. Darcy it was now a matter of anxiety to think well; and, as far as   their acquaintance reached, there was no fault to find. They could not be   untouched by his politeness; and had they drawn his character from their   own feelings and his servant’s report, without any reference to any other   account, the circle in Hertfordshire to which he was known would not have   recognized it for Mr. Darcy. There was now an interest, however, in   believing the housekeeper; and they soon became sensible that the   authority of a servant who had known him since he was four years old, and   whose own manners indicated respectability, was not to be hastily   rejected. Neither had anything occurred in the intelligence of their   Lambton friends that could materially lessen its weight. They had nothing   to accuse him of but pride; pride he probably had, and if not, it would   certainly be imputed by the inhabitants of a small market-town where the   family did not visit. It was acknowledged, however, that he was a liberal   man, and did much good among the poor.
对达西先生来说，现在好好想一想是件令人焦虑的事；而且，就他们所认识的人来说，找不到任何缺点。他们无法通过自己的礼貌是不变的；他们从自己的感受和他的仆人的报告得出他的性格，而不参考任何其他帐户，圈在赫特福德郡，他称会认不出它的达西先生。现在有兴趣，不过，相信管家；他们很快就意识到一个仆人有自他四岁的时候认识他的权威，和他自己的举止，不能贸然拒绝。没有任何的朋友，可能严重减少莱姆顿重量智能发生。他们没有什么可指责的，只有骄傲，他可能有过骄傲，如果没有，那肯定会归咎于一个小城镇的居民。然而，人们承认他是一个开明的人，在穷人中做了许多好事。
With respect to Wickham, the travellers soon found that he was not held   there in much estimation; for though the chief of his concerns with the   son of his patron were imperfectly understood, it was yet a well-known   fact that, on his quitting Derbyshire, he had left many debts behind him,   which Mr. Darcy afterwards discharged.
相对于威克姆，旅客们很快就发现，他不在多，估计那里举行；虽然与他恩人的独生子之间的主要关系不完全了解，这虽然是一个众所周知的事实是，他离开德比郡时，他留下了很多债务，达西先生后来出院。
As for Elizabeth, her thoughts were at Pemberley this evening more than   the last; and the evening, though as it passed it seemed long, was not   long enough to determine her feelings towards one in that mansion;   and she lay awake two whole hours endeavouring to make them out. She   certainly did not hate him. No; hatred had vanished long ago, and she had   almost as long been ashamed of ever feeling a dislike against him, that   could be so called. The respect created by the conviction of his valuable   qualities, though at first unwillingly admitted, had for some time ceased   to be repugnant to her feeling; and it was now heightened into somewhat of   a friendlier nature, by the testimony so highly in his favour, and   bringing forward his disposition in so amiable a light, which yesterday   had produced. But above all, above respect and esteem, there was a motive   within her of goodwill which could not be overlooked. It was gratitude;   gratitude, not merely for having once loved her, but for loving her still   well enough to forgive all the petulance and acrimony of her manner in   rejecting him, and all the unjust accusations accompanying her rejection.   He who, she had been persuaded, would avoid her as his greatest enemy,   seemed, on this accidental meeting, most eager to preserve the   acquaintance, and without any indelicate display of regard, or any   peculiarity of manner, where their two selves only were concerned, was   soliciting the good opinion of her friends, and bent on making her known   to his sister. Such a change in a man of so much pride exciting not only   astonishment but gratitude—for to love, ardent love, it must be   attributed; and as such its impression on her was of a sort to be   encouraged, as by no means unpleasing, though it could not be exactly   defined. She respected, she esteemed, she was grateful to him, she felt a   real interest in his welfare; and she only wanted to know how far she   wished that welfare to depend upon herself, and how far it would be for   the happiness of both that she should employ the power, which her fancy   told her she still possessed, of bringing on her the renewal of his   addresses.
至于伊丽莎白，她的思想也在彭伯里今晚比上；而晚上，虽然它经过似乎很长，没有足够长的时间来确定自己的感情走向一个在大厦；她醒着躺了两个小时努力做出来。她当然不恨他。不，仇恨早就消失了，她几乎一直羞于对他产生反感，这是可以称之为的。在他宝贵的品质的信念创造的尊重，虽然起初不情愿地承认，有一段时间不再讨厌她的感觉；而现在提高到一定的友好性，通过证言非常支持他，并提出他的性格如此亲切的光，它昨天产生。但最重要的是，在上述的尊重和尊重，她的动机是善意的，不容忽视。这是感恩；感恩，不仅因为他曾经爱过她，但爱她还不够好，原谅所有人对她的态度刻薄拒绝他，所有的不公正的指责伴随她拒绝。他是谁，她被说服，会避免她是他最大的敌人，似乎，在这个偶然的相遇，最渴望保留的相识，并没有任何不雅的显示方面，或任何特殊的方式，在他们两人只关心的是，是她的好朋友征求意见，并在她被他的妹妹弯曲。这样一个男人如此骄傲兴奋不仅惊讶感激的爱，热烈的爱改变，这要归结；这样的印象，她是一种鼓励，决不是不愉快的，虽然不能确切的定义。她尊重，她尊重，她感激他，她非常关心到他幸福；她只想知道她希望福利取决于自己，究竟这将是双方的幸福，她应该使用的力量，而她喜欢告诉她她仍然拥有，把她自己的地址更新。
It had been settled in the evening between the aunt and the niece, that   such a striking civility as Miss Darcy’s in coming to see them on the very   day of her arrival at Pemberley, for she had reached it only to a late   breakfast, ought to be imitated, though it could not be equalled, by some   exertion of politeness on their side; and, consequently, that it would be   highly expedient to wait on her at Pemberley the following morning. They   were, therefore, to go. Elizabeth was pleased; though when she asked   herself the reason, she had very little to say in reply.
它已经在姑姑和侄女之间的晚上解决，这样一个引人注目的礼仪小姐达西的未来在她到来的那一天，看到他们在彭伯里，因为她已经达到了只有一晚的早餐，应该是模仿的，虽然它不能被追平，靠他们身边的一些运用礼貌；和，因此，这将是非常有利的等待她在Pemberley的早晨。因此，他们要去。伊丽莎白很高兴，但当她问自己原因时，她几乎没有回答。
Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast. The fishing scheme had been   renewed the day before, and a positive engagement made of his meeting some   of the gentlemen at Pemberley before noon.
加德纳先生早餐后不久就离开了他们。打捞方案已更新的前一天，和一个积极的参与使他会在彭伯里的先生们在中午之前。
Chapter 45
45章
Convinced as Elizabeth now was that Miss Bingley’s dislike of her had   originated in jealousy, she could not help feeling how unwelcome her   appearance at Pemberley must be to her, and was curious to know with how   much civility on that lady’s side the acquaintance would now be renewed.
伊丽莎白现在认为，宾利小姐不喜欢她的起源于嫉妒，她不可能在Pemberley帮助感觉如何不受欢迎的外表必须给她，并且很想知道有多少文明在夫人身旁熟人现在会更新。
On reaching the house, they were shown through the hall into the saloon,   whose northern aspect rendered it delightful for summer. Its windows   opening to the ground, admitted a most refreshing view of the high woody   hills behind the house, and of the beautiful oaks and Spanish chestnuts   which were scattered over the intermediate lawn.
一到这所房子，他们就被带进了The Saloon夜店，那里的北方景色使夏天很愉快。它的窗户向地面敞开，让人看到房子后面高大的木本山丘，以及美丽的橡树和西班牙的栗子在中间草坪上散布最为清爽的景色。
In this house they were received by Miss Darcy, who was sitting there with   Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley, and the lady with whom she lived in London.   Georgiana’s reception of them was very civil, but attended with all the   embarrassment which, though proceeding from shyness and the fear of doing   wrong, would easily give to those who felt themselves inferior the belief   of her being proud and reserved. Mrs. Gardiner and her niece, however, did   her justice, and pitied her.
在这所房子里，达西小姐接待了她，她和Hurst太太和宾利小姐坐在一起，和她住在伦敦的那位女士在一起。Georgiana的接待他们很民间，但参加了所有的尴尬，虽然从害羞和害怕做错误的程序，很容易给那些觉得自己不如她的骄傲和保留的信仰。加德纳太太和她的侄女，但她正义和怜悯她。
By Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley they were noticed only by a curtsey; and,   on their being seated, a pause, awkward as such pauses must always be,   succeeded for a few moments. It was first broken by Mrs. Annesley, a   genteel, agreeable-looking woman, whose endeavour to introduce some kind   of discourse proved her to be more truly well-bred than either of the   others; and between her and Mrs. Gardiner, with occasional help from   Elizabeth, the conversation was carried on. Miss Darcy looked as if she   wished for courage enough to join in it; and sometimes did venture a short   sentence when there was least danger of its being heard.
Hurst夫人和宾利小姐他们只有一行屈膝礼的注意；和，他们坐下来，停一停，实在别扭永远是成功的片刻。它是第一个被Annesley夫人，一个温文尔雅，和蔼可亲的女人，她竭力推行某种话语证明她是真正的教养比别人；她同加德纳夫人，从伊丽莎白偶尔的帮助，谈话进行。达西小姐看上去像是希望有足够的勇气去参加，有时在听到危险最小的时候，也会冒出一句简短的话来。
Elizabeth soon saw that she was herself closely watched by Miss Bingley,   and that she could not speak a word, especially to Miss Darcy, without   calling her attention. This observation would not have prevented her from   trying to talk to the latter, had they not been seated at an inconvenient   distance; but she was not sorry to be spared the necessity of saying much.   Her own thoughts were employing her. She expected every moment that some   of the gentlemen would enter the room. She wished, she feared that the   master of the house might be amongst them; and whether she wished or   feared it most, she could scarcely determine. After sitting in this manner   a quarter of an hour without hearing Miss Bingley’s voice, Elizabeth was   roused by receiving from her a cold inquiry after the health of her   family. She answered with equal indifference and brevity, and the other   said no more.
伊丽莎白很快看出她自己被宾利小姐密切监视着，她一句话也说不出来，尤其是对达西小姐，没有引起她的注意。如果他们不坐在一个不方便的距离上，这一观察就不会阻止她与后者交谈，但她并不感到遗憾，不必说太多话。她自己的想法在利用她。她期望每一个绅士都能走进房间。她希望，她担心房子的主人可能在他们中间，不管她是希望还是害怕，她几乎无法确定。伊丽莎白这样坐了一刻钟，听不到宾利小姐的声音，就在她家人的健康情况下，接受了一个寒冷的询问，把她唤醒了。她以同样的冷漠和简短回答，另一个不再说了。
The next variation which their visit afforded was produced by the entrance   of servants with cold meat, cake, and a variety of all the finest fruits   in season; but this did not take place till after many a significant look   and smile from Mrs. Annesley to Miss Darcy had been given, to remind her   of her post. There was now employment for the whole party—for though   they could not all talk, they could all eat; and the beautiful pyramids of   grapes, nectarines, and peaches soon collected them round the table.
未来的变化，他们的访问提供了冷肉，公务员入口蛋糕制作，以及各种最好的时令水果；但这并没有发生，直到后许多重要的眼神和微笑从Annesley夫人达西小姐了，提醒她后。现在全党的就业虽然他们不能说话，他们都可以吃；和美丽的金字塔的葡萄、油桃和桃子，就聚拢来围着桌子。
While thus engaged, Elizabeth had a fair opportunity of deciding whether   she most feared or wished for the appearance of Mr. Darcy, by the feelings   which prevailed on his entering the room; and then, though but a moment   before she had believed her wishes to predominate, she began to regret   that he came.
这样，伊丽莎白就有了一个公平的机会来决定她是否最害怕或希望达西先生的出现，因为他有一种进入房间的感觉，然后，在她相信她想占统治地位之前，她开始后悔他来了。
He had been some time with Mr. Gardiner, who, with two or three other   gentlemen from the house, was engaged by the river, and had left him only   on learning that the ladies of the family intended a visit to Georgiana   that morning. No sooner did he appear than Elizabeth wisely resolved to be   perfectly easy and unembarrassed; a resolution the more necessary to be   made, but perhaps not the more easily kept, because she saw that the   suspicions of the whole party were awakened against them, and that there   was scarcely an eye which did not watch his behaviour when he first came   into the room. In no countenance was attentive curiosity so strongly   marked as in Miss Bingley’s, in spite of the smiles which overspread her   face whenever she spoke to one of its objects; for jealousy had not yet   made her desperate, and her attentions to Mr. Darcy were by no means over.   Miss Darcy, on her brother’s entrance, exerted herself much more to talk,   and Elizabeth saw that he was anxious for his sister and herself to get   acquainted, and forwarded as much as possible, every attempt at   conversation on either side. Miss Bingley saw all this likewise; and, in   the imprudence of anger, took the first opportunity of saying, with   sneering civility:
他被一些时间与加德纳先生，谁，与两个或三个绅士的房子，在河边从事，他只有学习，家庭的女士打算访问Georgiana，上午离开。不久，他看起来比伊丽莎白明智地决定是非常容易害羞；分辨率很必要，但也许不容易做到，因为她看到全场的人对他们起了疑心，而且几乎没有一只眼睛不看他的行为，当他第一次走进房间。没有面容，细心的好奇心如此强烈地标记为宾利小姐，在她满脸微笑，但每当她一说话的对象；嫉妒她还没有绝望，她对达西先生的关注并没有结束。达西小姐在她哥哥的门口，更加主动地说话，伊丽莎白看出他急于让妹妹和她相识，尽可能多地转发双方的谈话。宾利小姐看到这一切同样；和，在愤怒的轻率，找个机会说，用嘲讽的礼貌：
“Pray, Miss Eliza, are not the ——shire Militia removed from   Meryton? They must be a great loss to your family.”
“求你了，付然小姐，是不是某某郡的民兵团去吗？他们一定是你家庭的一大损失。”
In Darcy’s presence she dared not mention Wickham’s name; but Elizabeth   instantly comprehended that he was uppermost in her thoughts; and the   various recollections connected with him gave her a moment’s distress; but   exerting herself vigorously to repel the ill-natured attack, she presently   answered the question in a tolerably detached tone. While she spoke, an   involuntary glance showed her Darcy, with a heightened complexion,   earnestly looking at her, and his sister overcome with confusion, and   unable to lift up her eyes. Had Miss Bingley known what pain she was then   giving her beloved friend, she undoubtedly would have refrained from the   hint; but she had merely intended to discompose Elizabeth by bringing   forward the idea of a man to whom she believed her partial, to make her   betray a sensibility which might injure her in Darcy’s opinion, and,   perhaps, to remind the latter of all the follies and absurdities by which   some part of her family were connected with that corps. Not a syllable had   ever reached her of Miss Darcy’s meditated elopement. To no creature had   it been revealed, where secrecy was possible, except to Elizabeth; and   from all Bingley’s connections her brother was particularly anxious to   conceal it, from the very wish which Elizabeth had long ago attributed to   him, of their becoming hereafter her own. He had certainly formed such a   plan, and without meaning that it should affect his endeavour to separate   him from Miss Bennet, it is probable that it might add something to his   lively concern for the welfare of his friend.
在达西面前，她不敢提威克姆的名字；但伊丽莎白立刻领悟到他在她的思想上；以及各种回忆与他给了她一个瞬间的窘迫；但发挥自己大力击退恶意的攻击，她立刻回答的问题在一个相当超然的音。她一边说话，一边不由自主地瞥了她一眼，达西脸色很好，认真地看着她，妹妹困惑地站了起来，眼睛也抬不起来。有宾利小姐知道她然后给她心爱的朋友什么痛苦，她无疑会克制的暗示；但她只是想将伊丽莎白提出一个人的人，她相信她的部分的思想，使她背叛的情感可能伤害她的达西认为，也许，提醒所有的愚蠢和荒谬，她的家庭有一部分是与兵团后者。没有一个音节曾达到她达西小姐想私奔。伊丽莎白说，除了伊丽莎白之外，没有任何一个动物能保守秘密；从宾利所有的联系中，她的兄弟特别想隐藏它，因为她早就把它归功于他长久以来的愿望。他确实已经制定了这样一个计划，而且没有任何意义，这会影响到他把Bennet和她分开的努力，很可能会使他对朋友的幸福感充满关心。
Elizabeth’s collected behaviour, however, soon quieted his emotion; and as   Miss Bingley, vexed and disappointed, dared not approach nearer to   Wickham, Georgiana also recovered in time, though not enough to be able to   speak any more. Her brother, whose eye she feared to meet, scarcely   recollected her interest in the affair, and the very circumstance which   had been designed to turn his thoughts from Elizabeth seemed to have fixed   them on her more and more cheerfully.
伊丽莎白收集的行为，然而，很快就平静了自己的情绪；而宾利小姐、烦恼和失望，不敢接近威克姆，Georgiana也恢复的时间，虽然不足以能够再多说。她的兄弟，她害怕见面的目光，几乎没有想起她对这件事的兴趣，而那个原本打算把他的想法从伊丽莎白身上转移过来的情况似乎使她越来越高兴了。
Their visit did not continue long after the question and answer above   mentioned; and while Mr. Darcy was attending them to their carriage Miss   Bingley was venting her feelings in criticisms on Elizabeth’s person,   behaviour, and dress. But Georgiana would not join her. Her brother’s   recommendation was enough to ensure her favour; his judgement could not   err. And he had spoken in such terms of Elizabeth as to leave Georgiana   without the power of finding her otherwise than lovely and amiable. When   Darcy returned to the saloon, Miss Bingley could not help repeating to him   some part of what she had been saying to his sister.
在上述问题和回答之后，他们的访问并没有持续多久；当达西先生坐在他们的马车上时，宾利小姐在批评伊丽莎白的人、行为和衣着时发泄了感情。但Georgiana不会和她。她哥哥的建议足以保证她的欢心；他的判断不会出错。他曾在伊丽莎白等离开乔治亚娜不找到她不可爱可亲的力量。当达西回到The Saloon夜店时，宾利小姐忍不住向他重复了她对他姐姐说的一些话。
“How very ill Miss Eliza Bennet looks this morning, Mr. Darcy,” she cried;   “I never in my life saw anyone so much altered as she is since the winter.   She is grown so brown and coarse! Louisa and I were agreeing that we   should not have known her again.”
“Eliza Bennet小姐今天早上看上去病得多厉害啊，达西先生，”她喊道，“我从没有看到过像她这样的人从冬天起了那么大的变化。她长得又黑又粗！路易莎和我一致认为我们不应该再认识她。”
However little Mr. Darcy might have liked such an address, he contented   himself with coolly replying that he perceived no other alteration than   her being rather tanned, no miraculous consequence of travelling in the   summer.
不管达西先生怎么会喜欢这样一个地址，他平静地回答说，他觉得没有什么比她晒黑了，夏天旅行没有奇迹般的后果了。
“For my own part,” she rejoined, “I must confess that I never could see   any beauty in her. Her face is too thin; her complexion has no brilliancy;   and her features are not at all handsome. Her nose wants character—there   is nothing marked in its lines. Her teeth are tolerable, but not out of   the common way; and as for her eyes, which have sometimes been called so   fine, I could never see anything extraordinary in them. They have a sharp,   shrewish look, which I do not like at all; and in her air altogether there   is a self-sufficiency without fashion, which is intolerable.”
“就我个人而言，”她答道，“我必须承认我从来没有见过她有什么美。她的脸太薄；她的皮肤没有光泽；五官也不清秀。她的鼻子需要字符，没有什么明显的线条。她的牙齿是可以忍受的，但不是普通的；至于她的眼睛，有时被称为如此美丽，我看不出有什么特别之处。他们有一个尖锐、泼辣的样子，我根本不喜欢；和她共有一个自给自足的空气不时尚，这是不能容忍的。”
Persuaded as Miss Bingley was that Darcy admired Elizabeth, this was not   the best method of recommending herself; but angry people are not always   wise; and in seeing him at last look somewhat nettled, she had all the   success she expected. He was resolutely silent, however, and, from a   determination of making him speak, she continued:
说服宾利小姐是达西推崇伊丽莎白，这是不推荐自己的最佳方法；而生气的人是不明智的；在看到他最后看起来有点生气了，她所有的成功，她期望。然而，他坚决地保持沉默，并决心让他开口，她继续说下去：
“I remember, when we first knew her in Hertfordshire, how amazed we all   were to find that she was a reputed beauty; and I particularly recollect   your saying one night, after they had been dining at Netherfield, ‘She   a beauty!—I should as soon call her mother a wit.’ But afterwards   she seemed to improve on you, and I believe you thought her rather pretty   at one time.”
“我记得，当我们第一次知道她在赫特福德郡，怎么惊讶，我们发现她是个有名的美女；我特别记得你说的一个晚上，之后便一直在Netherfield吃饭，她美丽！-我应该马上给她妈妈打个电话，但后来她似乎对你有了进步，我相信你曾经认为她很漂亮。
“Yes,” replied Darcy, who could contain himself no longer, “but that   was only when I first saw her, for it is many months since I have   considered her as one of the handsomest women of my acquaintance.”
“是的，”达西回答说，他再也按捺不住了，“但这仅仅是当我第一次见到她，是因为我已经把她作为一个我认识的最漂亮的女人很多个月。”
He then went away, and Miss Bingley was left to all the satisfaction of   having forced him to say what gave no one any pain but herself.
然后他走了，宾利小姐感到很满意，强迫他说什么，除了她自己，谁也不痛。
Mrs. Gardiner and Elizabeth talked of all that had occurred during their   visit, as they returned, except what had particularly interested them   both. The look and behaviour of everybody they had seen were discussed,   except of the person who had mostly engaged their attention. They talked   of his sister, his friends, his house, his fruit—of everything but   himself; yet Elizabeth was longing to know what Mrs. Gardiner thought of   him, and Mrs. Gardiner would have been highly gratified by her niece’s   beginning the subject.
加德纳太太和伊丽莎白谈起他们回来时所发生的一切，除了他们特别感兴趣的事。他们所见过的每个人的外表和行为都被讨论过了，除了那些主要引起他们注意的人之外。他们谈起了他的妹妹，他的朋友，他的房子，还有他所有的水果，除了他自己。然而，伊丽莎白渴望知道加德纳太太对他的看法，加德纳太太对她的侄女开始这个话题也非常满意。
Chapter 46
46章
Elizabeth had been a good deal disappointed in not finding a letter from   Jane on their first arrival at Lambton; and this disappointment had been   renewed on each of the mornings that had now been spent there; but on the   third her repining was over, and her sister justified, by the receipt of   two letters from her at once, on one of which was marked that it had been   missent elsewhere. Elizabeth was not surprised at it, as Jane had written   the direction remarkably ill.
伊丽莎白听了很失望没有找到简的一封信在他们第一次抵达Lambton；这失望已经都已经在那里的早晨更新；但第三她抱怨了，和她姐姐有道理，通过两封信收到她一次，在其中一个标记，它被送错地方。伊丽莎白对此并不感到惊讶，因为简写的方向非常不好。
They had just been preparing to walk as the letters came in; and her uncle   and aunt, leaving her to enjoy them in quiet, set off by themselves. The   one missent must first be attended to; it had been written five days ago.   The beginning contained an account of all their little parties and   engagements, with such news as the country afforded; but the latter half,   which was dated a day later, and written in evident agitation, gave more   important intelligence. It was to this effect:
他们正准备走路，因为信来了，她的叔叔和婶婶，让她安静地享受，他们自己出发了。一个送错必须首先参加了；它还是五天前写的。开头包含了他们所有的小党派和约定，以及国家所提供的消息；但是后半部分，日期是一天以后，写得很明显，令人激动，给出了更重要的情报。正是这种效果：
“Since writing the above, dearest Lizzy, something has occurred of a most   unexpected and serious nature; but I am afraid of alarming you—be   assured that we are all well. What I have to say relates to poor Lydia. An   express came at twelve last night, just as we were all gone to bed, from   Colonel Forster, to inform us that she was gone off to Scotland with one   of his officers; to own the truth, with Wickham! Imagine our surprise. To   Kitty, however, it does not seem so wholly unexpected. I am very, very   sorry. So imprudent a match on both sides! But I am willing to hope the   best, and that his character has been misunderstood. Thoughtless and   indiscreet I can easily believe him, but this step (and let us rejoice   over it) marks nothing bad at heart. His choice is disinterested at least,   for he must know my father can give her nothing. Our poor mother is sadly   grieved. My father bears it better. How thankful am I that we never let   them know what has been said against him; we must forget it ourselves.   They were off Saturday night about twelve, as is conjectured, but were not   missed till yesterday morning at eight. The express was sent off directly.   My dear Lizzy, they must have passed within ten miles of us. Colonel   Forster gives us reason to expect him here soon. Lydia left a few lines   for his wife, informing her of their intention. I must conclude, for I   cannot be long from my poor mother. I am afraid you will not be able to   make it out, but I hardly know what I have written.”
“由于以上，最亲爱的Lizzy写的，发生了一件最意想不到的严重性质的东西；但我害怕报警，你放心，我们都很好。我要说的是可怜的丽迪雅。昨晚十二点钟，一个快递来了，就在我们都从福斯特上校那里就寝时，告诉我们她和他的一个军官去了苏格兰，要和威克姆说实话！想象一下我们的惊喜。然而，对凯蒂来说，这似乎并不是完全出乎意料的。我非常非常抱歉。如此轻率的比赛双方！但我愿意抱最好的希望，他的性格被误解了。轻率的，轻率的我可以相信他，但是这一步（让我们欢喜快乐，它标志着什么坏心）。他的选择至少是无私的，因为他必须知道我父亲什么也不能给她。可怜的母亲伤心极了。我父亲更喜欢它。我多么感激我们从来没有让他们知道对他说了什么，我们必须自己忘记它。据推测，他们在星期六晚上大约十二点起飞，但直到昨天早上八点才被错过。快递被直接送去了。我亲爱的Lizzy，他们必须在十英里的美国通过了。福斯特上校给了我们理由希望他早日到来。丽迪雅给妻子留了几句话，告诉她他们的意图。我必须结束，因为我不能离开我可怜的母亲。恐怕你不能把它说出来，但我几乎不知道我写了什么。”
Without allowing herself time for consideration, and scarcely knowing what   she felt, Elizabeth on finishing this letter instantly seized the other,   and opening it with the utmost impatience, read as follows: it had been   written a day later than the conclusion of the first.
伊丽莎白没有给自己时间考虑，也不知道自己在想什么，于是写完这封信后，立即抓住了另一封信，并极不耐烦地打开了信，读了如下：这封信比第一封信的结论迟了一天。
“By this time, my dearest sister, you have received my hurried letter; I   wish this may be more intelligible, but though not confined for time, my   head is so bewildered that I cannot answer for being coherent. Dearest   Lizzy, I hardly know what I would write, but I have bad news for you, and   it cannot be delayed. Imprudent as the marriage between Mr. Wickham and   our poor Lydia would be, we are now anxious to be assured it has taken   place, for there is but too much reason to fear they are not gone to   Scotland. Colonel Forster came yesterday, having left Brighton the day   before, not many hours after the express. Though Lydia’s short letter to   Mrs. F. gave them to understand that they were going to Gretna Green,   something was dropped by Denny expressing his belief that W. never   intended to go there, or to marry Lydia at all, which was repeated to   Colonel F., who, instantly taking the alarm, set off from B. intending to   trace their route. He did trace them easily to Clapham, but no further;   for on entering that place, they removed into a hackney coach, and   dismissed the chaise that brought them from Epsom. All that is known after   this is, that they were seen to continue the London road. I know not what   to think. After making every possible inquiry on that side London, Colonel   F. came on into Hertfordshire, anxiously renewing them at all the   turnpikes, and at the inns in Barnet and Hatfield, but without any success—no   such people had been seen to pass through. With the kindest concern he   came on to Longbourn, and broke his apprehensions to us in a manner most   creditable to his heart. I am sincerely grieved for him and Mrs. F., but   no one can throw any blame on them. Our distress, my dear Lizzy, is very   great. My father and mother believe the worst, but I cannot think so ill   of him. Many circumstances might make it more eligible for them to be   married privately in town than to pursue their first plan; and even if he   could form such a design against a young woman of Lydia’s connections,   which is not likely, can I suppose her so lost to everything? Impossible!   I grieve to find, however, that Colonel F. is not disposed to depend upon   their marriage; he shook his head when I expressed my hopes, and said he   feared W. was not a man to be trusted. My poor mother is really ill, and   keeps her room. Could she exert herself, it would be better; but this is   not to be expected. And as to my father, I never in my life saw him so   affected. Poor Kitty has anger for having concealed their attachment; but   as it was a matter of confidence, one cannot wonder. I am truly glad,   dearest Lizzy, that you have been spared something of these distressing   scenes; but now, as the first shock is over, shall I own that I long for   your return? I am not so selfish, however, as to press for it, if   inconvenient. Adieu! I take up my pen again to do what I have just told   you I would not; but circumstances are such that I cannot help earnestly   begging you all to come here as soon as possible. I know my dear uncle and   aunt so well, that I am not afraid of requesting it, though I have still   something more to ask of the former. My father is going to London with   Colonel Forster instantly, to try to discover her. What he means to do I   am sure I know not; but his excessive distress will not allow him to   pursue any measure in the best and safest way, and Colonel Forster is   obliged to be at Brighton again to-morrow evening. In such an exigence, my   uncle’s advice and assistance would be everything in the world; he will   immediately comprehend what I must feel, and I rely upon his goodness.”
“这一次，我最亲爱的姐姐，你收到了我匆忙的来信；我希望这句话可以理解得更清楚些，但尽管时间不长，我的头却如此糊涂，我不能回答连贯性的问题。”。Dearest Lizzy，我不知道我会写些什么，但是我有个坏消息给你，而且事不宜迟。鲁莽的威克姆先生和我们可怜的丽迪雅的婚姻是我们现在急于确信它已经发生，因为有太多的理由担心他们并没有到苏格兰去。福斯特上校昨天走了，前天离开了布赖顿，在快车起飞后不到几个小时。虽然丽迪雅的夫人F.短信给他们明白他们要什么东西掉了Gretna Green，丹尼表示他相信W从来没有打算去那里，还是嫁给丽迪雅，这是F.上校，他，立即以报警，从B打算跟踪他们路线。他跟踪他们很容易到Clapham，但没有进一步的；在进入那个地方，他们移到一辆马车，而把他们从Epsom的马车。这之后所知道的是，他们被看到继续伦敦路。我不知道该怎么想。通过对伦敦那边的每一个可能的查询，F.上校走到哈福德郡，焦急地更新他们在所有的高速公路，并在Barnet和哈特菲尔德的旅馆，但没有成功，没有这样的人被视为通过。用亲切的关注，他来到了Longbourn，打破了他的顾虑我们在心意地。我由衷地为他和F.太太伤心，但没有人能责怪他们。我们的痛苦，我亲爱的Lizzy，很好。我父亲和母亲都相信最坏的情况，但我不能认为他是如此的坏。许多情况可能使他们更有资格在城里私下结婚，而不是追求他们的第一个计划；即使他能和一个年轻的丽迪雅女士建立这样的关系，这是不可能的，我能想象她对一切都如此失落吗？不可能的!然而，我感到悲伤的是，F.上校不愿意依赖他们的婚姻，当我表达我的希望时，他摇了摇头，说他害怕W.不是一个值得信任的人。我可怜的母亲病得很重，留着她的房间。她能用劲一点，会更好，但这不是预料中的事。至于我父亲，我一生中从未见过他如此受影响。Poor Kitty因为隐瞒了自己的感情而生气，但因为这是一个自信的问题，所以你不能怀疑。我真的很高兴，亲爱的Lizzy，你没有这些痛苦的场面的东西；但是现在，作为第一个冲击是，我自己的，我渴望你的回报？然而，我并不那么自私，如果不方便的话，我就去请求它。再见了！我又拿起笔去做我刚才告诉过你的事，我不会，可是情况如此之大，我不得不恳切地恳求大家尽快到这儿来。我很了解我亲爱的叔叔和婶婶，我不怕请求，尽管我还有更多要问的东西。我父亲马上要和福斯特上校去伦敦，试图发现她。我不知道他想干什么，但他过分的痛苦使他不能以最好和最安全的方式采取任何措施，而福斯特上校不得不在明晚再去布赖顿。在这样一个关头，我叔叔的建议和帮助，将世界上的一切；他会立刻理解我的感受，我依靠他的善良。”
“Oh! where, where is my uncle?” cried Elizabeth, darting from her seat as   she finished the letter, in eagerness to follow him, without losing a   moment of the time so precious; but as she reached the door it was opened   by a servant, and Mr. Darcy appeared. Her pale face and impetuous manner   made him start, and before he could recover himself to speak, she, in   whose mind every idea was superseded by Lydia’s situation, hastily   exclaimed, “I beg your pardon, but I must leave you. I must find Mr.   Gardiner this moment, on business that cannot be delayed; I have not an   instant to lose.”
“哦！我叔叔在哪里？“伊丽莎白喊道，在她的座位，当她写完信，在渴望追随他，没有片刻的时间如此的珍贵；但当她走到门口就被一个仆人打开，达西先生出现了。她苍白的脸和急躁的举止使他开始了，在他能够说话之前，她心里的每一个想法都被丽迪雅的处境所取代，急忙喊道：“请原谅，我必须离开你。”。这一刻我必须找到加德纳先生，因为生意不能耽搁，我一刻也不会耽搁。
“Good God! what is the matter?” cried he, with more feeling than   politeness; then recollecting himself, “I will not detain you a minute;   but let me, or let the servant go after Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner. You are not   well enough; you cannot go yourself.”
“上帝”！出什么事了？“他叫道，比礼貌更感；然后反思自己，“我不耽搁你一分钟；但是让我，或让仆人去后，加德纳先生和夫人。你身体不够好，不能自己去。”
Elizabeth hesitated, but her knees trembled under her and she felt how   little would be gained by her attempting to pursue them. Calling back the   servant, therefore, she commissioned him, though in so breathless an   accent as made her almost unintelligible, to fetch his master and mistress   home instantly.
伊丽莎白犹豫了一下，但她的膝盖在她身下发抖，她感到她试图追赶他们的机会是多么的少。因此，她把仆人叫了回来，尽管他气得说不出话来，却使她几乎无法理解，立即把主人和女主人送回家。
On his quitting the room she sat down, unable to support herself, and   looking so miserably ill, that it was impossible for Darcy to leave her,   or to refrain from saying, in a tone of gentleness and commiseration, “Let   me call your maid. Is there nothing you could take to give you present   relief? A glass of wine; shall I get you one? You are very ill.”
他离开她坐在房间里，无法养活自己，脸色非常难看，那是不可能的达西离开她，或不说，在一个温柔和怜悯的语气，“让我把你的女仆。你没有什么可以给你减轻痛苦的吗？一杯葡萄酒，我给你拿一杯好吗？你病得很厉害。”
“No, I thank you,” she replied, endeavouring to recover herself. “There is   nothing the matter with me. I am quite well; I am only distressed by some   dreadful news which I have just received from Longbourn.”
“不，谢谢你，”她回答，竭力保持镇静。“我没什么事。我很好；我只是心疼一些可怕的消息，我刚刚收到Longbourn。”
She burst into tears as she alluded to it, and for a few minutes could not   speak another word. Darcy, in wretched suspense, could only say something   indistinctly of his concern, and observe her in compassionate silence. At   length she spoke again. “I have just had a letter from Jane, with such   dreadful news. It cannot be concealed from anyone. My younger sister has   left all her friends—has eloped; has thrown herself into the power   of—of Mr. Wickham. They are gone off together from Brighton. You   know him too well to doubt the rest. She has no money, no connections,   nothing that can tempt him to—she is lost for ever.”
她一提到这件事就大哭起来，几分钟也说不出话来。达西，在可怜的悬念，只能说一些含糊不清的对他的关心，以及她在慈悲的沉默观察。最后她又开口了。“我刚收到简的一封信，有这么可怕的消息。它不能隐藏在任何人身上。我的妹妹丢了她所有的朋友私奔了；把自己变成威克姆先生的权力。他们一起从布赖顿出发了。你对他了解得太多，不至于怀疑其余的人。她没有钱，没有关系，没有什么能引诱他，她永远失去了。
Darcy was fixed in astonishment. “When I consider,” she added in a yet   more agitated voice, “that I might have prevented it! I, who knew what he   was. Had I but explained some part of it only—some part of what I   learnt, to my own family! Had his character been known, this could not   have happened. But it is all—all too late now.”
达西惊讶得目瞪口呆。“当我考虑的时候，”她用一种更加激动的声音说，“我本来可以阻止它的。”！我，谁知道他是什么。我只是把其中的一部分解释给了我自己的家人！如果他的性格是已知的，这是不可能发生的。但现在一切都太迟了。”
“I am grieved indeed,” cried Darcy; “grieved—shocked. But is it   certain—absolutely certain?”
“我真的很伤心，”达西叫道，“伤心得震惊。但这是肯定无疑的吗？“
“Oh, yes! They left Brighton together on Sunday night, and were traced   almost to London, but not beyond; they are certainly not gone to   Scotland.”
“哦，是的！他们在星期日晚上一起离开了布莱顿，几乎追溯到伦敦，但并没有超越他们，他们肯定没有去苏格兰。
“And what has been done, what has been attempted, to recover her?”
“已经做了什么，尝试了什么来恢复她？”“
“My father is gone to London, and Jane has written to beg my uncle’s   immediate assistance; and we shall be off, I hope, in half-an-hour. But   nothing can be done—I know very well that nothing can be done. How   is such a man to be worked on? How are they even to be discovered? I have   not the smallest hope. It is every way horrible!”
“我父亲到伦敦去了，简写信请求我叔叔立即帮忙，我希望半小时后我们就要走了。”。但没有什么可以done-i知道得很清楚，没有什么可以做的。这样的人是如何工作的？它们怎么被发现呢？我没有最小的希望。这是可怕的！“
Darcy shook his head in silent acquiescence.
达西默默地摇了摇头。
“When my eyes were opened to his real character—Oh! had I   known what I ought, what I dared to do! But I knew not—I was afraid   of doing too much. Wretched, wretched mistake!”
“当我的眼睛向他真实的性格开放时！如果我知道我应该做什么，我敢做什么？！但我知道不是我怕做的太多。不幸的错误！“
Darcy made no answer. He seemed scarcely to hear her, and was walking up   and down the room in earnest meditation, his brow contracted, his air   gloomy. Elizabeth soon observed, and instantly understood it. Her power   was sinking; everything must sink under such a proof of family   weakness, such an assurance of the deepest disgrace. She could neither   wonder nor condemn, but the belief of his self-conquest brought nothing   consolatory to her bosom, afforded no palliation of her distress. It was,   on the contrary, exactly calculated to make her understand her own wishes;   and never had she so honestly felt that she could have loved him, as now,   when all love must be vain.
达西没有回答。他似乎几乎听不见她的话，正认真地在房间里走着走着，眉头收缩，空气阴沉。伊丽莎白很快就明白了，立刻明白了。她的力量在下沉，一切都必须在这种家庭软弱的证据下沉没，这是最深切的耻辱的保证。她既不知道也不定，但他的征服自我的信仰带来什么安慰到她怀里，没有给予缓解她的痛苦。恰恰相反，恰恰是为了使她明白她自己的愿望，她从来没有如此诚实地认为她可以爱他，就像现在一样，当所有的爱都是徒劳的时候。
But self, though it would intrude, could not engross her. Lydia—the   humiliation, the misery she was bringing on them all, soon swallowed up   every private care; and covering her face with her handkerchief, Elizabeth   was soon lost to everything else; and, after a pause of several minutes,   was only recalled to a sense of her situation by the voice of her   companion, who, in a manner which, though it spoke compassion, spoke   likewise restraint, said, “I am afraid you have been long desiring my   absence, nor have I anything to plead in excuse of my stay, but real,   though unavailing concern. Would to Heaven that anything could be either   said or done on my part that might offer consolation to such distress! But   I will not torment you with vain wishes, which may seem purposely to ask   for your thanks. This unfortunate affair will, I fear, prevent my sister’s   having the pleasure of seeing you at Pemberley to-day.”
但是，尽管它会侵入，不能占用她。丽迪雅的屈辱、苦难的她带着他们，很快吞没了每一个私人护理；用手帕遮住自己的脸，伊丽莎白很快就失去了一切；而且，停顿了几分钟之后，才想起她的意识状况的声音，她的同伴，谁，在的方式，虽然它讲慈悲，讲同样的克制，说：“我恐怕你早就希望我离开，我也没有任何向我停留，但真正的借口，虽然徒劳的关注。但愿上天能给我带来任何安慰，使我能为这痛苦感到安慰！但我不会用徒劳的愿望折磨你，这似乎是有意请求你的感谢。这一不幸事件将，我恐惧，防止我妹妹在Pemberley今天有幸见到你。”
“Oh, yes. Be so kind as to apologise for us to Miss Darcy. Say that urgent   business calls us home immediately. Conceal the unhappy truth as long as   it is possible, I know it cannot be long.”
“哦，是的。请为我们向达西小姐道歉。说那紧急的事马上叫我们回家。只要有可能，就隐藏不幸福的真相，我知道它不会长久。”
He readily assured her of his secrecy; again expressed his sorrow for her   distress, wished it a happier conclusion than there was at present reason   to hope, and leaving his compliments for her relations, with only one   serious, parting look, went away.
他很容易地向她保证了他的秘密，又对她的痛苦表示了悲哀，希望这比现在的希望更幸福，并留下了对她的关系的问候，只留下一个严肃的临别的表情，走开了。
As he quitted the room, Elizabeth felt how improbable it was that they   should ever see each other again on such terms of cordiality as had marked   their several meetings in Derbyshire; and as she threw a retrospective   glance over the whole of their acquaintance, so full of contradictions and   varieties, sighed at the perverseness of those feelings which would now   have promoted its continuance, and would formerly have rejoiced in its   termination.
他离开了房间，伊丽莎白觉得多么难以置信这是他们应该再相见条款热诚为明显在德比郡的几个会议；当她把回顾在他们相识的，充满了矛盾和品种，叹了口气，在那些感情，现在会有促进其持续的乖僻，和曾经在其终止欢欣鼓舞。
If gratitude and esteem are good foundations of affection, Elizabeth’s   change of sentiment will be neither improbable nor faulty. But if   otherwise—if regard springing from such sources is unreasonable or   unnatural, in comparison of what is so often described as arising on a   first interview with its object, and even before two words have been   exchanged, nothing can be said in her defence, except that she had given   somewhat of a trial to the latter method in her partiality for Wickham,   and that its ill success might, perhaps, authorise her to seek the other   less interesting mode of attachment. Be that as it may, she saw him go   with regret; and in this early example of what Lydia’s infamy must   produce, found additional anguish as she reflected on that wretched   business. Never, since reading Jane’s second letter, had she entertained a   hope of Wickham’s meaning to marry her. No one but Jane, she thought,   could flatter herself with such an expectation. Surprise was the least of   her feelings on this development. While the contents of the first letter   remained in her mind, she was all surprise—all astonishment that   Wickham should marry a girl whom it was impossible he could marry for   money; and how Lydia could ever have attached him had appeared   incomprehensible. But now it was all too natural. For such an attachment   as this she might have sufficient charms; and though she did not suppose   Lydia to be deliberately engaging in an elopement without the intention of   marriage, she had no difficulty in believing that neither her virtue nor   her understanding would preserve her from falling an easy prey.
如果感激和尊敬是感情的良好基础，那么伊丽莎白对感情的改变既不是不可能的，也不是错误的。但如果如果把从这些来源不合理或不自然的，在什么是比较经常描述为一个对象第一次出现，甚至在有两个词被交换，没有什么可以为她辩护说，除了她对威克姆的偏爱某种审判的后者的方法，和它的不成功的可能，也许，授权她寻求依恋的其他更有趣的方式。尽管如此，她看见他带着遗憾走了；在这个早期的例子是丽迪雅的耻辱必须产生额外的痛苦，发现她心里那可怜的业务。自从读了简的第二封信后，她就一直抱着对威克姆和她结婚的希望。她想，只有简才能以这样的期望来奉承自己。在这种发展过程中，她最不感到惊讶的是惊讶。当第一封信的内容留在她脑海中时，她惊讶地发现威克姆竟然娶了一个他不可能为了钱而结婚的姑娘，而丽迪雅究竟怎么会爱上他，这似乎是无法理解的。但现在一切都太自然了。对于这样一个附件，这也许她有足够的魅力；虽然她并不以为丽迪雅存心私奔不打算结婚，她相信她的美德和她的理解将保留她摔倒的猎物没有困难。
She had never perceived, while the regiment was in Hertfordshire, that   Lydia had any partiality for him; but she was convinced that Lydia wanted   only encouragement to attach herself to anybody. Sometimes one officer,   sometimes another, had been her favourite, as their attentions raised them   in her opinion. Her affections had continually been fluctuating but never   without an object. The mischief of neglect and mistaken indulgence towards   such a girl—oh! how acutely did she now feel it!
她从未察觉，而团在赫特福德郡，丽迪雅有任何偏袒他；但她相信，丽迪雅只想把自己给别人的鼓励。有时一个军官，有时是另一个军官，是她最喜欢的，因为他们的注意使他们产生了她的看法。她的感情一直在波动，但从来没有一个对象。忽视和错误放纵对这样一个女孩的伤害！她现在感觉有多强烈？！
She was wild to be at home—to hear, to see, to be upon the spot to   share with Jane in the cares that must now fall wholly upon her, in a   family so deranged, a father absent, a mother incapable of exertion, and   requiring constant attendance; and though almost persuaded that nothing   could be done for Lydia, her uncle’s interference seemed of the utmost   importance, and till he entered the room her impatience was severe. Mr.   and Mrs. Gardiner had hurried back in alarm, supposing by the servant’s   account that their niece was taken suddenly ill; but satisfying them   instantly on that head, she eagerly communicated the cause of their   summons, reading the two letters aloud, and dwelling on the postscript of   the last with trembling energy.— Though Lydia had never been a favourite   with them, Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner could not but be deeply afflicted. Not   Lydia only, but all were concerned in it; and after the first exclamations   of surprise and horror, Mr. Gardiner promised every assistance in his   power. Elizabeth, though expecting no less, thanked him with tears of   gratitude; and all three being actuated by one spirit, everything relating   to their journey was speedily settled. They were to be off as soon as   possible. “But what is to be done about Pemberley?” cried Mrs. Gardiner.   “John told us Mr. Darcy was here when you sent for us; was it so?”
她是野生的是在家里听到的，看到的，是在现场与简一起分享，现在必须全面跌落在她的烦恼，家庭中的那么疯狂，父亲的缺席，一个不能劳累的母亲，和需要经常出席；虽然几乎相信没有什么可以做的丽迪雅，她叔叔的干扰是很重要的，直到他走进房间，她的不耐烦是严重的。加德纳先生和夫人急忙回报警，假如由仆人的帐户，他们的外甥女突然病倒；但是满足他们立即在这头，她急切地交流他们回来的原因，阅读的两封信大声，和居住在最后的后记用颤抖的能量。尽管丽迪雅从未是一个最喜欢的人，加德纳先生和太太不禁深深的折磨。丽迪雅不是唯一的，但都关注它；在惊讶和恐惧的第一个感叹，加德纳先生答应竭尽一切力量援助。伊丽莎白虽然期待不到，但还是以感激之情感谢他；三个人都被一种精神所驱使，一切与旅途有关的事情都很快就解决了。他们将尽快离开。“但要做什么Pemberley呢？加德纳太太叫道。“约翰告诉我们，当你派我们来时，达西先生在这儿，是吗？“
“Yes; and I told him we should not be able to keep our engagement. That   is all settled.”
“是的，我告诉他我们不能保持我们的约定。”。一切都解决了。”
“What is all settled?” repeated the other, as she ran into her room to   prepare. “And are they upon such terms as for her to disclose the real   truth? Oh, that I knew how it was!”
“什么都解决了？当她跑进她的房间准备时，另一个重复了一遍。“难道他们是以这样的条件来揭露真相的吗？”哦，我知道那是怎么回事！“
But wishes were vain, or at least could only serve to amuse her in the   hurry and confusion of the following hour. Had Elizabeth been at leisure   to be idle, she would have remained certain that all employment was   impossible to one so wretched as herself; but she had her share of   business as well as her aunt, and amongst the rest there were notes to be   written to all their friends at Lambton, with false excuses for their   sudden departure. An hour, however, saw the whole completed; and Mr.   Gardiner meanwhile having settled his account at the inn, nothing remained   to be done but to go; and Elizabeth, after all the misery of the morning,   found herself, in a shorter space of time than she could have supposed,   seated in the carriage, and on the road to Longbourn.
但愿望是徒劳的，或者至少只能在接下来的一小时的匆忙和混乱中取悦她。伊丽莎白曾在闲暇的空闲，她会保持一定的所有的工作是不可能为自己如此悲惨；但她分享业务以及她的姑姑，并在那里休息被写入所有的朋友在Lambton的笔记，以虚假的借口为自己的突然离去。一个小时，但是，看到整个完成；和加德纳同时解决了他的帐户在客栈，没有办法而去；和伊丽莎白，所有的早晨，发现自己的痛苦后，在较短的时间空间比她会想到，坐在马车里，和去Longbourn的路上。
Chapter 47
47章
“I have been thinking it over again, Elizabeth,” said her uncle, as they   drove from the town; “and really, upon serious consideration, I am much   more inclined than I was to judge as your eldest sister does on the   matter. It appears to me so very unlikely that any young man should form   such a design against a girl who is by no means unprotected or friendless,   and who was actually staying in his colonel’s family, that I am strongly   inclined to hope the best. Could he expect that her friends would not step   forward? Could he expect to be noticed again by the regiment, after such   an affront to Colonel Forster? His temptation is not adequate to the   risk!”
“我又在想一想，伊丽莎白，”她叔叔从镇上开车回来时说，“实际上，经过认真考虑，我比你姐姐在这件事上做的判断更倾向于我的判断。”。在我看来很不像年轻人决不能保护或没有形成这样的设计对一个女孩是谁，谁是住在他自己的上校家里，我强烈地倾向于希望最好。他能指望她的朋友们不会站出来吗？在福斯特上校受到这样的侮辱之后，他还能指望被士兵再次注意到吗？他的诱惑不足以应付风险！“
“Do you really think so?” cried Elizabeth, brightening up for a moment.
“你真的这么认为吗？伊丽莎白叫了起来，露出了一点生气。
“Upon my word,” said Mrs. Gardiner, “I begin to be of your uncle’s   opinion. It is really too great a violation of decency, honour, and   interest, for him to be guilty of. I cannot think so very ill of Wickham.   Can you yourself, Lizzy, so wholly give him up, as to believe him capable   of it?”
“我发誓，”加德纳太太说，“我开始听你叔叔的意见了。对他的尊严、名誉和兴趣的侵犯实在太严重了。我不认为威克姆病得这么重。可你自己，Lizzy，所以完全放弃他，认为他有能力吗？“
“Not, perhaps, of neglecting his own interest; but of every other neglect   I can believe him capable. If, indeed, it should be so! But I dare not   hope it. Why should they not go on to Scotland if that had been the case?”
也许不是忽视了自己的利益，而是忽视了别人的疏忽，我相信他是有能力的。如果真的是这样的话！但我不敢希望。如果是那样的话，他们为什么不去苏格兰呢？“
“In the first place,” replied Mr. Gardiner, “there is no absolute proof   that they are not gone to Scotland.”
“首先，”加德纳先生回答说，“没有确凿证据证明他们没有去苏格兰。”
“Oh! but their removing from the chaise into a hackney coach is such a   presumption! And, besides, no traces of them were to be found on the   Barnet road.”
“哦！但除去马车到出租马车是这样的推定！而且，此外，没有他们的踪迹在Barnet路发现的。”
“Well, then—supposing them to be in London. They may be there,   though for the purpose of concealment, for no more exceptional purpose. It   is not likely that money should be very abundant on either side; and it   might strike them that they could be more economically, though less   expeditiously, married in London than in Scotland.”
“那么，假设他们在伦敦。”。他们可能在那里，虽然为了隐蔽，但没有更特殊的目的。双方都不太可能有足够的资金，而且可能会使他们感到，他们在经济上可能比苏格兰更快，但在伦敦结婚却不那么快。”
“But why all this secrecy? Why any fear of detection? Why must their   marriage be private? Oh, no, no—this is not likely. His most   particular friend, you see by Jane’s account, was persuaded of his never   intending to marry her. Wickham will never marry a woman without some   money. He cannot afford it. And what claims has Lydia—what   attraction has she beyond youth, health, and good humour that could make   him, for her sake, forego every chance of benefiting himself by marrying   well? As to what restraint the apprehensions of disgrace in the corps   might throw on a dishonourable elopement with her, I am not able to judge;   for I know nothing of the effects that such a step might produce. But as   to your other objection, I am afraid it will hardly hold good. Lydia has   no brothers to step forward; and he might imagine, from my father’s   behaviour, from his indolence and the little attention he has ever seemed   to give to what was going forward in his family, that he would do   as little, and think as little about it, as any father could do, in such a   matter.”
“为什么这么保密呢？为什么害怕检测？为什么他们的婚姻必须是私人的？哦，不，不，这不太可能。从简的叙述来看，他最特别的朋友深信他从未打算娶她。威克姆永远不会嫁给一个没有钱的女人。他买不起。而所谓的丽迪雅有什么吸引人的除了年轻、健康和良好的幽默感，使他，为了她，放弃结婚致富的机会？是什么制约兵团耻辱的恐惧可能会扔在一个她不光彩的私奔，我无法判断；对我没什么影响，这一步可能会知道。至于你的另一个反对意见，恐怕很难维持。丽迪雅没有兄弟的一步；而他所想象的，从我父亲的行为，从自己的懒惰和他有很少的关注都似乎给了他的家人去了，他会做一点，并认为它是小的，因为任何的父亲能做的，在这样一个的事。”
“But can you think that Lydia is so lost to everything but love of him as   to consent to live with him on any terms other than marriage?”
“但是你能认为丽迪雅对一切都是如此的失落吗？除了爱他以外，他同意和他住在一起，而不是结婚。“
“It does seem, and it is most shocking indeed,” replied Elizabeth, with   tears in her eyes, “that a sister’s sense of decency and virtue in such a   point should admit of doubt. But, really, I know not what to say. Perhaps   I am not doing her justice. But she is very young; she has never been   taught to think on serious subjects; and for the last half-year, nay, for   a twelvemonth—she has been given up to nothing but amusement and   vanity. She has been allowed to dispose of her time in the most idle and   frivolous manner, and to adopt any opinions that came in her way. Since   the ——shire were first quartered in Meryton, nothing but love,   flirtation, and officers have been in her head. She has been doing   everything in her power by thinking and talking on the subject, to give   greater—what shall I call it? susceptibility to her feelings; which   are naturally lively enough. And we all know that Wickham has every charm   of person and address that can captivate a woman.”
“这似乎是真的，而且的确是最令人震惊的，”伊丽莎白含着眼泪回答说，“在这一点上，一个姐姐的体面和美德是值得怀疑的。”。但是，真的，我不知道该说什么。也许我不是在为她辩护。但她很年轻；她从来没有被教导去考虑这些重大的问题；在过去的半年，甚至一年，她已经放弃只是娱乐和虚荣。她被允许以最懒散和轻浮的方式来支配自己的时间，并接受她所提出的任何意见。因为--民兵团驻扎在麦里屯，只有爱，调情，和军官已经在她的头。她一直在思考和谈论这个问题，尽其所能，给我更大的东西，我称之为什么？对她的感情很敏感。我们都知道威克姆的人和地址可以迷住一个女人所有的魅力。”
“But you see that Jane,” said her aunt, “does not think so very ill of   Wickham as to believe him capable of the attempt.”
“但是你看到了，简，”她的姑妈说，“威克姆并不认为他病得如此厉害，就相信他能做这件事。”
“Of whom does Jane ever think ill? And who is there, whatever might be   their former conduct, that she would think capable of such an attempt,   till it were proved against them? But Jane knows, as well as I do, what   Wickham really is. We both know that he has been profligate in every sense   of the word; that he has neither integrity nor honour; that he is as false   and deceitful as he is insinuating.”
“简认为谁病了？”谁会在那里，不管他们以前的行为是什么，她会认为这样的尝试是有能力的，直到证明对他们不利？但是简和我一样知道，威克姆到底是什么。我们都知道，他在每一个词的意义被挥霍；他既不完整也不尊敬；他是因为他是暗示是错误的和虚假的。”
“And do you really know all this?” cried Mrs. Gardiner, whose curiosity as   to the mode of her intelligence was all alive.
“你真的知道这一切吗？加德纳太太嚷道，她对她的智力模式的好奇心是活生生的。
“I do indeed,” replied Elizabeth, colouring. “I told you, the other day,   of his infamous behaviour to Mr. Darcy; and you yourself, when last at   Longbourn, heard in what manner he spoke of the man who had behaved with   such forbearance and liberality towards him. And there are other   circumstances which I am not at liberty—which it is not worth while   to relate; but his lies about the whole Pemberley family are endless. From   what he said of Miss Darcy I was thoroughly prepared to see a proud,   reserved, disagreeable girl. Yet he knew to the contrary himself. He must   know that she was as amiable and unpretending as we have found her.”
“我的确喜欢，”伊丽莎白回答说。“我告诉你，有一天，他的无耻行径的达西先生；你自己，在Longbourn的时候，听到他说话的人以什么样的方式表现这样的宽容和慷慨的人向他。还有其他的事情我不自由，这是不值得说的；但他对整个Pemberley家族的谎言是无止境的。从他对达西小姐说的话来看，我完全准备好了去见一个骄傲、矜持、讨厌的姑娘。然而他自己却知道相反的情况。他必须知道她是因为我们发现她亲切质朴的。”
“But does Lydia know nothing of this? can she be ignorant of what you and   Jane seem so well to understand?”
“但是丽迪雅不知道这件事吗？她难道不知道你和简似乎很了解什么吗？“
“Oh, yes!—that, that is the worst of all. Till I was in Kent, and   saw so much both of Mr. Darcy and his relation Colonel Fitzwilliam, I was   ignorant of the truth myself. And when I returned home, the ——shire   was to leave Meryton in a week or fortnight’s time. As that was the case,   neither Jane, to whom I related the whole, nor I, thought it necessary to   make our knowledge public; for of what use could it apparently be to any   one, that the good opinion which all the neighbourhood had of him should   then be overthrown? And even when it was settled that Lydia should go with   Mrs. Forster, the necessity of opening her eyes to his character never   occurred to me. That she could be in any danger from the deception   never entered my head. That such a consequence as this could ensue,   you may easily believe, was far enough from my thoughts.”
“哦，是的！-那是最糟糕的。直到我在肯特，看到这么多的达西先生和他的亲戚Fitzwilliam上校，我不知道自己的真相。我回到家的时候，某某郡就要离开麦里屯在一周或两周的时间。正因为如此，我既不关心简，也不关心我，他认为有必要使我们的知识公开；因为对任何人来说，它显然有什么用途，那么他周围所有人的良好意见都应该被推翻呢？甚至当丽迪雅决定和福斯特夫人一起去的时候，我也没有必要对她的性格敞开眼睛。她在欺骗中可能有任何危险，我从未想到过。你可能很容易相信，这样的结果会引起我的思考。
“When they all removed to Brighton, therefore, you had no reason, I   suppose, to believe them fond of each other?”
“他们都搬到布赖顿去了，所以，我想你没有理由相信他们彼此喜欢吗？”“
“Not the slightest. I can remember no symptom of affection on either side;   and had anything of the kind been perceptible, you must be aware that ours   is not a family on which it could be thrown away. When first he entered   the corps, she was ready enough to admire him; but so we all were. Every   girl in or near Meryton was out of her senses about him for the first two   months; but he never distinguished her by any particular attention;   and, consequently, after a moderate period of extravagant and wild   admiration, her fancy for him gave way, and others of the regiment, who   treated her with more distinction, again became her favourites.”
“一点也不。我记得任何一方都没有爱的症状；如果有这种感觉，你一定知道我们不是一个可以抛弃的家庭。当他第一次进入兵团时，她已经准备好去崇拜他了，但我们都是。在对他们的第一个月她感觉每个女孩；但他从未使她受任何特别的关注，因此，适度；段奢侈的和野生的赞赏后，她看上他了，和其他的团，谁对她更多的区别，再成了她最喜爱的。”
It may be easily believed, that however little of novelty could be added   to their fears, hopes, and conjectures, on this interesting subject, by   its repeated discussion, no other could detain them from it long, during   the whole of the journey. From Elizabeth’s thoughts it was never absent.   Fixed there by the keenest of all anguish, self-reproach, she could find   no interval of ease or forgetfulness.
人们可以很容易地相信，不管怎样，他们的恐惧、希望和猜测都不能再加上新奇的东西。在这个有趣的话题上，经过反复的讨论，没有人能在整个旅程中耽搁他们很久。从伊丽莎白的思想来看，它从来没有缺席过。由强烈的痛苦、自责的固定在那里，她可以找到没有减轻或遗忘。
They travelled as expeditiously as possible, and, sleeping one night on   the road, reached Longbourn by dinner time the next day. It was a comfort   to Elizabeth to consider that Jane could not have been wearied by long   expectations.
他们去尽快，，睡一个晚上的道路上，第二天吃饭的时候就到了浪搏恩。这是一个安慰，伊丽莎白认为简不可能已经厌倦了漫长的期望。
The little Gardiners, attracted by the sight of a chaise, were standing on   the steps of the house as they entered the paddock; and, when the carriage   drove up to the door, the joyful surprise that lighted up their faces, and   displayed itself over their whole bodies, in a variety of capers and   frisks, was the first pleasing earnest of their welcome.
小挖的，看见一辆马车吸引，站在房子的步骤，当他们进入围场；和，当车开到门口时，快乐的惊喜，照亮了他们的脸，并显示在他们的整个身体，在各种恶作剧和乱跳，是他们欢迎第一愉快的认真。
Elizabeth jumped out; and, after giving each of them a hasty kiss, hurried   into the vestibule, where Jane, who came running down from her mother’s   apartment, immediately met her.
伊丽莎白跳了出来，匆匆地吻了他们一下，就急忙跑进门厅，简从她母亲的公寓跑了出来，立刻遇见了她。
Elizabeth, as she affectionately embraced her, whilst tears filled the   eyes of both, lost not a moment in asking whether anything had been heard   of the fugitives.
伊丽莎白深情地拥抱着她，泪水充满了双方的目光，但她一刻不停地问是否听到了逃犯的消息。
“Not yet,” replied Jane. “But now that my dear uncle is come, I hope   everything will be well.”
“还没有，”简回答说。“可是我亲爱的叔叔来了，我希望一切都会好起来。”
“Is my father in town?”
“我父亲在城里吗？”“
“Yes, he went on Tuesday, as I wrote you word.”
“是的，他星期二去了，我给你写信了。”
“And have you heard from him often?”
“你经常收到他的信吗？”“
“We have heard only twice. He wrote me a few lines on Wednesday to say   that he had arrived in safety, and to give me his directions, which I   particularly begged him to do. He merely added that he should not write   again till he had something of importance to mention.”
“我们只听过两次。他在星期三给我写了几句话，说他已经平安到达，给我指明了方向，我特别请求他这样做。他只是补充说，除非有重要的事情要提，否则他不应该再写了。”
“And my mother—how is she? How are you all?”
“我妈妈怎么样？你们都好吗？“
“My mother is tolerably well, I trust; though her spirits are greatly   shaken. She is up stairs and will have great satisfaction in seeing you   all. She does not yet leave her dressing-room. Mary and Kitty, thank   Heaven, are quite well.”
“我妈妈还算好，我相信；虽然她精神上受了很大的挫折。她在楼上，见到你们大家会很满意的。她还没有离开更衣室。玛丽和基蒂，谢天谢地，一切都好。
“But you—how are you?” cried Elizabeth. “You look pale. How much you   must have gone through!”
“但是你怎么样？伊丽莎白喊道。“你脸色苍白。你一定经历了多少！“
Her sister, however, assured her of her being perfectly well; and their   conversation, which had been passing while Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner were   engaged with their children, was now put an end to by the approach of the   whole party. Jane ran to her uncle and aunt, and welcomed and thanked them   both, with alternate smiles and tears.
然而，她的妹妹向她保证，她很好，他们的谈话是在加德纳太太和孩子们订婚的时候进行的，现在整个晚会都结束了。简跑向她的叔叔和婶婶，欢迎他们并以微笑和眼泪向他们表示感谢。
When they were all in the drawing-room, the questions which Elizabeth had   already asked were of course repeated by the others, and they soon found   that Jane had no intelligence to give. The sanguine hope of good, however,   which the benevolence of her heart suggested had not yet deserted her; she   still expected that it would all end well, and that every morning would   bring some letter, either from Lydia or her father, to explain their   proceedings, and, perhaps, announce their marriage.
当他们都在客厅里时，伊丽莎白已经问过的问题当然被其他人重复了，他们很快发现简没有任何智慧。然而，她心中善意的乐观的希望还没有离开她；她仍然希望一切都会好起来，每天早上，丽迪雅或她父亲都会带来一些信来解释他们的过程，也许会宣布他们的婚姻。
Mrs. Bennet, to whose apartment they all repaired, after a few minutes’    conversation together, received them exactly as might be expected; with   tears and lamentations of regret, invectives against the villainous   conduct of Wickham, and complaints of her own sufferings and ill-usage;   blaming everybody but the person to whose ill-judging indulgence the   errors of her daughter must principally be owing.
Bennet太太的公寓都修好了，几分钟的交谈后，收到了预期的完全一样；眼泪和哀歌的遗憾，对威克姆的罪恶进行谩骂，抱怨自己的苦难和虐待；责备大家但人的盲目溺爱女儿这主要是由于错误必须。
“If I had been able,” said she, “to carry my point in going to Brighton,   with all my family, this would not have happened; but poor dear   Lydia had nobody to take care of her. Why did the Forsters ever let her go   out of their sight? I am sure there was some great neglect or other on   their side, for she is not the kind of girl to do such a thing if she had   been well looked after. I always thought they were very unfit to have the   charge of her; but I was overruled, as I always am. Poor dear child! And   now here’s Mr. Bennet gone away, and I know he will fight Wickham,   wherever he meets him and then he will be killed, and what is to become of   us all? The Collinses will turn us out before he is cold in his grave, and   if you are not kind to us, brother, I do not know what we shall do.”
“如果我能的话，”她说，“带着我的家人带着我的观点去布赖顿，这是不可能发生的，但是可怜的丽迪雅却没有人照顾她。为什么福斯特曾经让她离开他们的视线？我相信他们会受到很大的忽视，因为如果她得到很好的照顾，她就不是那种做这种事情的女孩。我一直认为它们是有她的收费很健康；但我被否决了，因为我总是。可怜的孩子！现在Bennet先生走了，我知道他会和威克姆战斗，不管他在哪里遇到他，然后他就会被杀，我们都会怎样？柯林斯夫妇将我们之前在他的坟墓他是冷的，如果你不善待我们，兄弟，我不知道我们应该做什么。”
They all exclaimed against such terrific ideas; and Mr. Gardiner, after   general assurances of his affection for her and all her family, told her   that he meant to be in London the very next day, and would assist Mr.   Bennet in every endeavour for recovering Lydia.
他们都大声疾呼反对这样的好主意；加德纳先生在对他和她的家人的普遍保证之后告诉她，他打算第二天去伦敦，并会帮助Bennet先生为恢复丽迪雅的一切努力。
“Do not give way to useless alarm,” added he; “though it is right to be   prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain. It   is not quite a week since they left Brighton. In a few days more we may   gain some news of them; and till we know that they are not married, and   have no design of marrying, do not let us give the matter over as lost. As   soon as I get to town I shall go to my brother, and make him come home   with me to Gracechurch Street; and then we may consult together as to what   is to be done.”
“不要为无用的警报让路，”他补充说，“尽管为最坏的情况做准备是正确的，但没有必要把它看成是确定的。他们离开布莱顿已经不到一个星期了。再过几天，我们可以得到他们的一些消息，直到我们知道他们没有结婚，没有结婚的计划，不要让我们把这件事当作损失。当我走到镇上我要去我的哥哥，让他跟我回家到天恩寺街；然后我们可以一起商量怎么做。”
“Oh! my dear brother,” replied Mrs. Bennet, “that is exactly what I could   most wish for. And now do, when you get to town, find them out, wherever   they may be; and if they are not married already, make them marry.   And as for wedding clothes, do not let them wait for that, but tell Lydia   she shall have as much money as she chooses to buy them, after they are   married. And, above all, keep Mr. Bennet from fighting. Tell him what a   dreadful state I am in, that I am frighted out of my wits—and have   such tremblings, such flutterings, all over me—such spasms in my   side and pains in my head, and such beatings at heart, that I can get no   rest by night nor by day. And tell my dear Lydia not to give any   directions about her clothes till she has seen me, for she does not know   which are the best warehouses. Oh, brother, how kind you are! I know you   will contrive it all.”
“哦！“我亲爱的哥哥，”Bennet太太答道，“这正是我最希望得到的。现在，当你进城的时候，无论他们在哪里，都要找到他们；如果他们还没有结婚，就让他们结婚吧。至于结婚礼服，别让他们等着，但告诉丽迪雅，结婚后，她会有一样多的钱。最重要的是，不要让Bennet先生打架。告诉他一个可怕的状态，我是什么，我吓得魂不附体，有这样的颤栗，这样的flutterings，一切对我这样的痉挛在我头部的疼痛，这种打人的心，能让我晚上也会一天没有休息。告诉我亲爱的丽迪雅，在她看到我之前不要对她的衣服作任何说明，因为她不知道哪一个是最好的仓库。哦，兄弟，你真善良！我知道你会把这一切。”
But Mr. Gardiner, though he assured her again of his earnest endeavours in   the cause, could not avoid recommending moderation to her, as well in her   hopes as her fear; and after talking with her in this manner till dinner   was on the table, they all left her to vent all her feelings on the   housekeeper, who attended in the absence of her daughters.
但是加德纳先生，尽管他向她保证了他会认真尽力，无法避免推荐适度的她，她希望她的恐惧以及；后与她交谈，这样直到晚饭桌上，他们都离开了她发泄她的感情的管家，谁参加在她女儿的缺失。
Though her brother and sister were persuaded that there was no real   occasion for such a seclusion from the family, they did not attempt to   oppose it, for they knew that she had not prudence enough to hold her   tongue before the servants, while they waited at table, and judged it   better that one only of the household, and the one whom they could   most trust should comprehend all her fears and solicitude on the subject.
虽然她的哥哥和姐姐都相信有这样一个隐居的家庭没有真正的机会，他们没有试图反对它，因为他们知道她没有足够的前雇员持有谨慎的舌头，而他们一直在桌上，并认为，只有一个家庭的更好，和一个他们最信任的应该理解她所有的恐惧和焦虑的主题。
In the dining-room they were soon joined by Mary and Kitty, who had been   too busily engaged in their separate apartments to make their appearance   before. One came from her books, and the other from her toilette. The   faces of both, however, were tolerably calm; and no change was visible in   either, except that the loss of her favourite sister, or the anger which   she had herself incurred in this business, had given more of fretfulness   than usual to the accents of Kitty. As for Mary, she was mistress enough   of herself to whisper to Elizabeth, with a countenance of grave   reflection, soon after they were seated at table:
在餐厅里，玛丽和基蒂很快就加入了他们，他们太忙了，各自忙着各自的公寓，然后才出现。一个来自她的书，另一个来自她的时装。同时，面孔但都相当平静；而看不出有什么变化，但她最喜欢的姐姐的损失，或愤怒，她把自己在这个企业所发生的，给了更多的焦躁比平常猫的口音。至于玛丽，她就坐在桌旁，很快就对伊丽莎白耳语了一声，脸上露出严肃的神情：
“This is a most unfortunate affair, and will probably be much talked of.   But we must stem the tide of malice, and pour into the wounded bosoms of   each other the balm of sisterly consolation.”
“这是一件非常不幸的事，可能会受到很多人的议论。但我们必须阻止恶意的浪潮，并注入创伤的心灵彼此姐妹般的安慰。”
Then, perceiving in Elizabeth no inclination of replying, she added,   “Unhappy as the event must be for Lydia, we may draw from it this useful   lesson: that loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable; that one false   step involves her in endless ruin; that her reputation is no less brittle   than it is beautiful; and that she cannot be too much guarded in her   behaviour towards the undeserving of the other sex.”
然后，伊丽莎白不想回答，她说“快乐的感知，该事件必须是丽迪雅，我们能从这一课的画：一个女人丧失美德是不可挽回的；错误的一步使她在无尽的毁灭；她的名誉不美丽一样的脆弱；和她不能太多守护在她的行为对其他异性的不配的。”
Elizabeth lifted up her eyes in amazement, but was too much oppressed to   make any reply. Mary, however, continued to console herself with such kind   of moral extractions from the evil before them.
伊丽莎白惊奇地抬起了眼睛，但被压制得无法回答。然而，玛丽继续用他们面前邪恶的道德来安慰自己。
In the afternoon, the two elder Miss Bennets were able to be for   half-an-hour by themselves; and Elizabeth instantly availed herself of the   opportunity of making any inquiries, which Jane was equally eager to   satisfy. After joining in general lamentations over the dreadful sequel of   this event, which Elizabeth considered as all but certain, and Miss Bennet   could not assert to be wholly impossible, the former continued the   subject, by saying, “But tell me all and everything about it which I have   not already heard. Give me further particulars. What did Colonel Forster   say? Had they no apprehension of anything before the elopement took place?   They must have seen them together for ever.”
在下午，班纳特家两个大女儿能够成为一个半小时的自己；和伊丽莎白立即利用自己进行任何询问的机会，这是简为了满足同样的渴望。加入一般的哀歌在这个事件的可怕的续集后，伊丽莎白认为是肯定的，Bennet小姐不能说是完全不可能的，前者继续话题，说，“请告诉我所有关于它的一切我都不知道。给我进一步的细节。福斯特上校说了些什么？他们没有理解过私奔了？他们一定在一起见过他们。”
“Colonel Forster did own that he had often suspected some partiality,   especially on Lydia’s side, but nothing to give him any alarm. I am so   grieved for him! His behaviour was attentive and kind to the utmost. He was   coming to us, in order to assure us of his concern, before he had any idea   of their not being gone to Scotland: when that apprehension first got   abroad, it hastened his journey.”
福斯特上校承认他常常怀疑某些人的偏袒，尤其是在丽迪雅这边，但没有什么可给他任何警告的。I am so   grieved for him! 他的行为殷勤周到。他来找我们，是为了在他还没有想到苏格兰之前，向我们保证他的关心。
“And was Denny convinced that Wickham would not marry? Did he know of   their intending to go off? Had Colonel Forster seen Denny himself?”
“而且丹尼相信威克姆不会跟她结婚吗？他知道他们打算离开吗？有福斯特上校见到丹尼本人吗？“
“Yes; but, when questioned by him, Denny denied knowing anything of   their plans, and would not give his real opinion about it. He did not   repeat his persuasion of their not marrying—and from that, I   am inclined to hope, he might have been misunderstood before.”
“是的；但是，当问他，丹尼否认知道他们的计划什么，也不会给他关于它的真实意见。他没有重复他对他们不结婚的劝告，因此，我倾向于希望，他以前可能被误解了。
“And till Colonel Forster came himself, not one of you entertained a   doubt, I suppose, of their being really married?”
“直到福斯特上校来了，我想你们谁也不会怀疑他们真的结婚了吗？”“
“How was it possible that such an idea should enter our brains? I felt a   little uneasy—a little fearful of my sister’s happiness with him in   marriage, because I knew that his conduct had not been always quite right.   My father and mother knew nothing of that; they only felt how imprudent a   match it must be. Kitty then owned, with a very natural triumph on knowing   more than the rest of us, that in Lydia’s last letter she had prepared her   for such a step. She had known, it seems, of their being in love with each   other, many weeks.”
“这种想法怎么可能进入我们的大脑呢？”我觉得有点uneasy-a小怕妹妹跟他结婚不会幸福，因为我知道他的行为并不总是完全正确。我的父亲和母亲是不知道的；他们只觉得这门亲事必须。凯蒂当时拥有了一种非常自然的胜利，她比我们其他人更了解，在丽迪雅的最后一封信中，她为她准备了这样一个步骤。她似乎知道，他们相爱了好几个星期。”
“But not before they went to Brighton?”
“但是在他们去布赖顿之前？“
“No, I believe not.”
“不，我不相信。”
“And did Colonel Forster appear to think well of Wickham himself? Does he   know his real character?”
“难道福斯特上校似乎对威克姆本人很满意吗？”他知道他的真实性格吗？“
“I must confess that he did not speak so well of Wickham as he formerly   did. He believed him to be imprudent and extravagant. And since this sad   affair has taken place, it is said that he left Meryton greatly in debt;   but I hope this may be false.”
“我必须承认，他不像以前那样对威克姆说得那么好了。他相信他是个轻率的、奢侈的。和这件伤心的事发生以后，据说他大大的债务离开麦里屯；我但愿这是假的。”
“Oh, Jane, had we been less secret, had we told what we knew of him, this   could not have happened!”
“哦，简，要是我们不那么秘密，如果我们告诉了我们对他的了解，这事就不会发生了。”！“
“Perhaps it would have been better,” replied her sister. “But to expose   the former faults of any person without knowing what their present   feelings were, seemed unjustifiable. We acted with the best intentions.”
“也许会好些，”她姐姐回答。“但让任何人不知道他们过去的错误，感情是什么，似乎是不合理的。我们的行动是出于好意。”
“Could Colonel Forster repeat the particulars of Lydia’s note to his   wife?”
“福斯特上校能把丽迪雅的便条详细地告诉他的妻子吗？”“
“He brought it with him for us to see.”
“他带着它来看我们。”
Jane then took it from her pocket-book, and gave it to Elizabeth. These   were the contents:
珍妮从口袋里拿出书递给伊丽莎白。这些是内容：
“MY DEAR HARRIET,
“我亲爱的哈丽特，
“You will laugh when you know where I am gone, and I cannot help laughing   myself at your surprise to-morrow morning, as soon as I am missed. I am   going to Gretna Green, and if you cannot guess with who, I shall think you   a simpleton, for there is but one man in the world I love, and he is an   angel. I should never be happy without him, so think it no harm to be off.   You need not send them word at Longbourn of my going, if you do not like   it, for it will make the surprise the greater, when I write to them and   sign my name ‘Lydia Wickham.’ What a good joke it will be! I can hardly   write for laughing. Pray make my excuses to Pratt for not keeping my   engagement, and dancing with him to-night. Tell him I hope he will excuse   me when he knows all; and tell him I will dance with him at the next ball   we meet, with great pleasure. I shall send for my clothes when I get to   Longbourn; but I wish you would tell Sally to mend a great slit in my   worked muslin gown before they are packed up. Good-bye. Give my love to   Colonel Forster. I hope you will drink to our good journey.
“当你知道我到哪里去了，你会笑的，明天早上，我一听到你的惊讶，就忍不住笑了起来。我要去私奔，如果你猜不着谁，我想你傻瓜，这世界上只有一个男人是我的爱，他是一个天使。没有他我永远也不会快乐，所以离开也无妨。你不需要把他们在我去Longbourn的话，如果你不喜欢它，因为它会使惊喜越大，当我写信给他们，并签上我的名字“Lydia Wickham”，是一个好的笑话，这将是！我几乎笑不出声来。请代我向普拉特致歉，因为他不守我的婚约，今晚和他跳舞。告诉他，我希望他能原谅我，当他知道一切的时候，告诉他我会和他一起跳舞，在我们下一个舞会上，非常高兴。我要把我的衣服当我到了Longbourn；但是我希望你能告诉莎丽去修理一个大缝，我的工作才收拾薄纱礼服。再见.向福斯特上校表达我的爱。我希望你为我们的一路顺风干杯。
“Your affectionate friend,
“你亲爱的朋友，
“LYDIA BENNET.”
“LYDIA BENNET。”
“Oh! thoughtless, thoughtless Lydia!” cried Elizabeth when she had   finished it. “What a letter is this, to be written at such a moment! But   at least it shows that she was serious on the subject of their   journey. Whatever he might afterwards persuade her to, it was not on her   side a scheme of infamy. My poor father! how he must have felt it!”
“哦！粗心、粗心的丽迪雅！伊丽莎白说完后叫道。“这是一封什么信，要在这样的时刻写出来吗？”！但至少这表明她对旅行的问题很认真。不管他以后会劝她，不在她身边一个方案的耻辱。可怜的父亲！他一定是感觉到了！“
“I never saw anyone so shocked. He could not speak a word for full ten   minutes. My mother was taken ill immediately, and the whole house in such   confusion!”
“我从没见过这么震惊过的人。他整整十分钟一句话也说不出来。我母亲立刻生病了，整个屋子都陷入了混乱之中！“
“Oh! Jane,” cried Elizabeth, “was there a servant belonging to it who did   not know the whole story before the end of the day?”
“哦！“简，”伊丽莎白叫道，“有没有一个仆人不在一天结束之前知道整个故事呢？”“
“I do not know. I hope there was. But to be guarded at such a time is very   difficult. My mother was in hysterics, and though I endeavoured to give   her every assistance in my power, I am afraid I did not do so much as I   might have done! But the horror of what might possibly happen almost took   from me my faculties.”
“我不知道。”。我希望有。但是在这样的时间里守卫是非常困难的。我的母亲是歇斯底里了，虽然我想给她我的所有力量的帮助，我恐怕没有那么多像我可能会做的！但可能发生的可怕的事情几乎夺走了我的能力。”
“Your attendance upon her has been too much for you. You do not look well.   Oh that I had been with you! you have had every care and anxiety upon   yourself alone.”
“你侍候她太过分了。你看起来气色不好。哦，我曾经和你在一起！你独自一人，心里充满了忧虑和焦虑。”
“Mary and Kitty have been very kind, and would have shared in every   fatigue, I am sure; but I did not think it right for either of them. Kitty   is slight and delicate; and Mary studies so much, that her hours of repose   should not be broken in on. My aunt Phillips came to Longbourn on Tuesday,   after my father went away; and was so good as to stay till Thursday with   me. She was of great use and comfort to us all. And Lady Lucas has been   very kind; she walked here on Wednesday morning to condole with us, and   offered her services, or any of her daughters’, if they should be of use   to us.”
“玛丽和基蒂非常善良，我肯定会分担所有的疲劳，但我不认为他们两个都是对的。基蒂又小又秀气；玛丽学习那么多，她的休息时间不应被打破。我的姑姑菲利浦斯来到Longbourn后，上星期二，我的父亲走了；而太好呆到星期四和我。她对我们大家都很有用，很舒适。Lady Lucas很和蔼，她星期三早晨就来这儿，向我们表示祝贺，并向她提供服务，或是她的任何一个女儿，如果他们对我们有用的话。
“She had better have stayed at home,” cried Elizabeth; “perhaps she meant   well, but, under such a misfortune as this, one cannot see too little of   one’s neighbours. Assistance is impossible; condolence insufferable. Let   them triumph over us at a distance, and be satisfied.”
“她最好呆在家里，”伊丽莎白叫道，“也许她本意是好的，可是，在这样的不幸之下，邻居看得太少了。”。援助是不可能的；慰问难以忍受。让他们远远地战胜我们，使我们感到满足。”
She then proceeded to inquire into the measures which her father had   intended to pursue, while in town, for the recovery of his daughter.
然后，她开始调查她父亲在城里寻找女儿时采取的措施。
“He meant I believe,” replied Jane, “to go to Epsom, the place where they   last changed horses, see the postilions and try if anything could be made   out from them. His principal object must be to discover the number of the   hackney coach which took them from Clapham. It had come with a fare from   London; and as he thought that the circumstance of a gentleman and lady’s   removing from one carriage into another might be remarked he meant to make   inquiries at Clapham. If he could anyhow discover at what house the   coachman had before set down his fare, he determined to make inquiries   there, and hoped it might not be impossible to find out the stand and   number of the coach. I do not know of any other designs that he had   formed; but he was in such a hurry to be gone, and his spirits so greatly   discomposed, that I had difficulty in finding out even so much as this.”
“他说的是我相信的，”简回答说，“去Epsom，他们的地方上改变了马，看到车夫，看看能从他们。他的主要目的就要去发现，把他们从Clapham的出租马车的号码。它已经与一个来自伦敦的车费；当他认为一男一女从一辆车去到另一个环境可能会说他想在Clapham做的调查。如果他能发现什么房子无论如何车夫以前把车费，他决定上那儿去询问，并希望它不可能是不可能找到的立场和车次。我不知道任何其他的设计，他已经形成了；但他匆匆走了，他的精神非常不安，我发现即使这很困难。”
Chapter 48
48章
The whole party were in hopes of a letter from Mr. Bennet the next   morning, but the post came in without bringing a single line from him. His   family knew him to be, on all common occasions, a most negligent and   dilatory correspondent; but at such a time they had hoped for exertion.   They were forced to conclude that he had no pleasing intelligence to send;   but even of that they would have been glad to be certain. Mr.   Gardiner had waited only for the letters before he set off.
整个政党都希望Bennet先生能在第二天早上收到一封信，但那封信没有插上一句话就进来了。他的家人知道他是，在所有公共场合，一个最疏忽和拖沓的记者；但是在这样的时候，他们希望发挥。他们被迫得出结论，他没有令人愉快的情报可以发送；但即使如此，他们也肯定会很高兴。加德纳先生在动身前只等着信。
When he was gone, they were certain at least of receiving constant   information of what was going on, and their uncle promised, at parting, to   prevail on Mr. Bennet to return to Longbourn, as soon as he could, to the   great consolation of his sister, who considered it as the only security   for her husband’s not being killed in a duel.
他走了以后，他们一定至少接收到底是恒定的信息，和他们的叔叔答应了，临别时，为了说服Bennet先生回到Longbourn，只要他能，他妹妹的最大的安慰，他认为她丈夫不在决斗中丧生的唯一保障。
Mrs. Gardiner and the children were to remain in Hertfordshire a few days   longer, as the former thought her presence might be serviceable to her   nieces. She shared in their attendance on Mrs. Bennet, and was a great   comfort to them in their hours of freedom. Their other aunt also visited   them frequently, and always, as she said, with the design of cheering and   heartening them up—though, as she never came without reporting some   fresh instance of Wickham’s extravagance or irregularity, she seldom went   away without leaving them more dispirited than she found them.
加德纳太太和孩子们呆在赫特福德郡的几天，因为前者认为她的存在可能使用她的侄女。她分享了他们对Bennet夫人的照顾，在他们的自由时间里给了他们极大的安慰。他们的姨妈也经常来看她们，一直一直，她说，随着欢呼和鼓舞他们，虽然设计，她从来没有报告威克姆的奢侈或不规则的一些新的情况，她很少走了比她更沮丧的发现。
All Meryton seemed striving to blacken the man who, but three months   before, had been almost an angel of light. He was declared to be in debt   to every tradesman in the place, and his intrigues, all honoured with the   title of seduction, had been extended into every tradesman’s family.   Everybody declared that he was the wickedest young man in the world; and   everybody began to find out that they had always distrusted the appearance   of his goodness. Elizabeth, though she did not credit above half of what   was said, believed enough to make her former assurance of her sister’s   ruin more certain; and even Jane, who believed still less of it, became   almost hopeless, more especially as the time was now come when, if they   had gone to Scotland, which she had never before entirely despaired of,   they must in all probability have gained some news of them.
全麦里屯似乎努力变黑的人，但三个月前，几乎是一个光的使者。他被宣布为在债务在每个地方的商人，和他的阴谋，所有的荣耀与诱惑的标题，一直延伸到每一个商人的家庭。每个人都说他是世界上最邪恶的年轻人；每个人都开始发觉自己一向就不信任他的善良的外表。伊丽莎白，虽然她没有信用上面所说的一半，相信足以让她的前保证她妹妹的破产更确定的；甚至简，谁相信还少，几乎无望，更特别的是，由于时间已经到了的时候，如果他们去了苏格兰，这是她从未完全绝望了，他们必须在所有的可能性中获得一些他们的消息。
Mr. Gardiner left Longbourn on Sunday; on Tuesday his wife received a   letter from him; it told them that, on his arrival, he had immediately   found out his brother, and persuaded him to come to Gracechurch Street;   that Mr. Bennet had been to Epsom and Clapham, before his arrival, but   without gaining any satisfactory information; and that he was now   determined to inquire at all the principal hotels in town, as Mr. Bennet   thought it possible they might have gone to one of them, on their first   coming to London, before they procured lodgings. Mr. Gardiner himself did   not expect any success from this measure, but as his brother was eager in   it, he meant to assist him in pursuing it. He added that Mr. Bennet seemed   wholly disinclined at present to leave London and promised to write again   very soon. There was also a postscript to this effect:
加德纳先生在星期日离开Longbourn；星期二，他的妻子收到他的信；它告诉他们，在他到达后，他立即发现了他的兄弟，并说服他到天恩寺街；Bennet先生到过Epsom和Clapham，在他到达之前，但没有获得任何令人满意的信息；而现在他决定在城里所有的主要酒店查询，Bennet先生认为他们可能会去其中的一个，在他们第一次来伦敦，之前他们采购的住所。加德纳先生自己也没想到这项措施会有什么成功，但由于他哥哥很热心，他打算帮助他去追求它。他说，Bennet先生似乎完全不想现在离开伦敦，答应写又很快。这个效果还有一段附言：
“I have written to Colonel Forster to desire him to find out, if possible,   from some of the young man’s intimates in the regiment, whether Wickham   has any relations or connections who would be likely to know in what part   of town he has now concealed himself. If there were anyone that one could   apply to with a probability of gaining such a clue as that, it might be of   essential consequence. At present we have nothing to guide us. Colonel   Forster will, I dare say, do everything in his power to satisfy us on this   head. But, on second thoughts, perhaps, Lizzy could tell us what relations   he has now living, better than any other person.”
“我已经写信给福斯特上校要他找出来，如果可能的话，一些年轻人也在团里，威克姆是否有谁会知道在城市的哪一部分他已经隐藏自己任何关系或联系。如果有人可以申请得到这样一个线索的可能性，它可能是至关重要的后果。目前我们没有什么可以指引我们的。我敢说，福斯特上校一定会尽他所能使我们满意。但是，转念一想，也许，Lizzy能告诉我们他现在的生活有什么关系，比任何其他的人。”
Elizabeth was at no loss to understand from whence this deference to her   authority proceeded; but it was not in her power to give any information   of so satisfactory a nature as the compliment deserved. She had never   heard of his having had any relations, except a father and mother, both of   whom had been dead many years. It was possible, however, that some of his   companions in the ——shire might be able to give more   information; and though she was not very sanguine in expecting it, the   application was a something to look forward to.
伊丽莎白毫不犹豫地明白了她对这种权威的尊重是如何进行的，但她没有能力发表任何令人满意的消息，因为这种赞美是值得的。她从来没有听说过他有过亲戚，除了一对父亲和母亲，他们都已经死了很多年了。然而，他在夏尔的一些同伴可能会提供更多的信息，这是可能的，尽管她并不十分乐观，但申请书还是值得期待的。
Every day at Longbourn was now a day of anxiety; but the most anxious part   of each was when the post was expected. The arrival of letters was the   grand object of every morning’s impatience. Through letters, whatever of   good or bad was to be told would be communicated, and every succeeding day   was expected to bring some news of importance.
每天在浪搏恩现在是一天的焦虑；但每个最焦虑的部分是当后的预期。信件的到达是每天早晨不耐烦的主要对象。通过信件，任何好的或坏的事情都会被告知，并且每一天都会带来一些重要的消息。
But before they heard again from Mr. Gardiner, a letter arrived for their   father, from a different quarter, from Mr. Collins; which, as Jane had   received directions to open all that came for him in his absence, she   accordingly read; and Elizabeth, who knew what curiosities his letters   always were, looked over her, and read it likewise. It was as follows:
但在他们再次听到加德纳先生的消息，他们的父亲来了一封信，从一个完全不同的地方，从Collins先生；简收到的方向打开所有来他在他缺席的情况下，她因此读；和伊丽莎白，谁知道他的信总是什么的好奇心，看着她，和读它同样。内容如下：
“MY DEAR SIR,
“我亲爱的先生，
“I feel myself called upon, by our relationship, and my situation in life,   to condole with you on the grievous affliction you are now suffering   under, of which we were yesterday informed by a letter from Hertfordshire.   Be assured, my dear sir, that Mrs. Collins and myself sincerely sympathise   with you and all your respectable family, in your present distress, which   must be of the bitterest kind, because proceeding from a cause which no   time can remove. No arguments shall be wanting on my part that can   alleviate so severe a misfortune—or that may comfort you, under a   circumstance that must be of all others the most afflicting to a parent’s   mind. The death of your daughter would have been a blessing in comparison   of this. And it is the more to be lamented, because there is reason to   suppose as my dear Charlotte informs me, that this licentiousness of   behaviour in your daughter has proceeded from a faulty degree of   indulgence; though, at the same time, for the consolation of yourself and   Mrs. Bennet, I am inclined to think that her own disposition must be   naturally bad, or she could not be guilty of such an enormity, at so early   an age. Howsoever that may be, you are grievously to be pitied; in which   opinion I am not only joined by Mrs. Collins, but likewise by Lady   Catherine and her daughter, to whom I have related the affair. They agree   with me in apprehending that this false step in one daughter will be   injurious to the fortunes of all the others; for who, as Lady Catherine   herself condescendingly says, will connect themselves with such a family?   And this consideration leads me moreover to reflect, with augmented   satisfaction, on a certain event of last November; for had it been   otherwise, I must have been involved in all your sorrow and disgrace. Let   me then advise you, dear sir, to console yourself as much as possible, to   throw off your unworthy child from your affection for ever, and leave her   to reap the fruits of her own heinous offense.
“我觉得自己的呼吁，通过我们的关系，在生活中我的情况，向你的痛苦折磨你现在的痛苦，而我们昨天通知来自赫特福德郡的一封信。放心吧，我亲爱的先生，Collins夫人和我真诚地同情你和你所有的受人尊敬的家庭，在你目前的困境，必须是最苦的，因为从一个事业，没有时间可以去除。没有理由要想我的一部分，这样可以缓解严重的不幸或可能安慰你，这种情况必须是所有人最困扰到父母的心。与此相比，你女儿的死将是一件幸事。这是更令人遗憾的，因为我们有理由假设我亲爱的夏洛特告诉我，这种无法无天的行为在你的女儿已经从一个故障程度的放纵；但同时，为自己和Bennet夫人的安慰，我觉得自己的性格一定是天生的坏，她不能接受这样的暴行，在这么早的年龄。不论那是可能的，你是不是值得同情；在它看来我不是只有Collins夫人加入，但同样由Lady Catherine和她的女儿，跟我有相关的事情。他们同意我的理解，一个女儿这个错误将损害所有人的命运；谁，Lady Catherine自己谦逊地说，将自己与这样一个家庭吗？这一考虑使我对去年十一月的某件事更感满意，因为如果不是这样的话，我一定是卷入了你所有的悲哀和耻辱。亲爱的先生，让我再劝你，尽可能地安慰自己，把你那不值得尊敬的孩子永远从你的爱中甩掉，让她从她那罪恶的罪恶中得到果实。
“I am, dear sir, etc., etc.”
“我是，亲爱的先生，等等。”
Mr. Gardiner did not write again till he had received an answer from   Colonel Forster; and then he had nothing of a pleasant nature to send. It   was not known that Wickham had a single relationship with whom he kept up   any connection, and it was certain that he had no near one living. His   former acquaintances had been numerous; but since he had been in the   militia, it did not appear that he was on terms of particular friendship   with any of them. There was no one, therefore, who could be pointed out as   likely to give any news of him. And in the wretched state of his own   finances, there was a very powerful motive for secrecy, in addition to his   fear of discovery by Lydia’s relations, for it had just transpired that he   had left gaming debts behind him to a very considerable amount. Colonel   Forster believed that more than a thousand pounds would be necessary to   clear his expenses at Brighton. He owed a good deal in town, but his debts   of honour were still more formidable. Mr. Gardiner did not attempt to   conceal these particulars from the Longbourn family. Jane heard them with   horror. “A gamester!” she cried. “This is wholly unexpected. I had not an   idea of it.”
加德纳先生直到收到福斯特上校的答复才写信，他没有什么愉快的事要发。不知道威克姆有一个与他保持任何关系的单一关系，他肯定没有一个亲密的生活。他以前的熟人很多，但自从他参加过民兵组织以来，他似乎并没有和任何人有特别的友谊。没有人，因此，谁可以指出，可能会给他任何消息。在他自己的财政的悲惨的状态，有一个很强大的秘密动机，除了他惊恐的发现丽迪雅的关系，因为它刚刚得知他已经离开游戏的债务在他后面相当数量。福斯特上校认为，在布莱顿清理他的开销需要一千英镑以上。他在城里欠了很多钱，但欠他的债更可怕。加德纳先生没有试图隐瞒这些资料来自Longbourn家族。简惊恐地听到了他们的话。“一个赌徒！“她哭了。“这完全出乎意料。我一点也不知道。”
Mr. Gardiner added in his letter, that they might expect to see their   father at home on the following day, which was Saturday. Rendered   spiritless by the ill-success of all their endeavours, he had yielded to   his brother-in-law’s entreaty that he would return to his family, and   leave it to him to do whatever occasion might suggest to be advisable for   continuing their pursuit. When Mrs. Bennet was told of this, she did not   express so much satisfaction as her children expected, considering what   her anxiety for his life had been before.
加德纳先生在信中补充说，他们可能会在第二天星期六回家看他们的父亲。用他们所有的努力的不成功使懦弱，他屈服于他姐夫的恳求，他会回到自己的家，并让他做任何的场合可能会建议应该继续追求。当Bennet太太得知这件事时，她并没有像她的孩子们所期望的那样表现得那么满意，考虑到她以前对生活的焦虑。
“What, is he coming home, and without poor Lydia?” she cried. “Sure he   will not leave London before he has found them. Who is to fight Wickham,   and make him marry her, if he comes away?”
“什么，他回来了，没有可怜的丽迪雅？”“她哭了。“他在找到之前肯定不会离开伦敦。如果威克姆走了，谁来和他结婚，让他娶她？“
As Mrs. Gardiner began to wish to be at home, it was settled that she and   the children should go to London, at the same time that Mr. Bennet came   from it. The coach, therefore, took them the first stage of their journey,   and brought its master back to Longbourn.
当加德纳太太开始希望在家的时候，她和孩子们应该去伦敦了，同时Bennet先生也来了。教练，因此，把他们的旅程的第一阶段，并将主回Longbourn。
Mrs. Gardiner went away in all the perplexity about Elizabeth and her   Derbyshire friend that had attended her from that part of the world. His   name had never been voluntarily mentioned before them by her niece; and   the kind of half-expectation which Mrs. Gardiner had formed, of their   being followed by a letter from him, had ended in nothing. Elizabeth had   received none since her return that could come from Pemberley.
加德纳太太走了，在所有关于伊丽莎白和她的朋友参加了她从德比郡的那部分世界的困惑。他的名字在她侄女面前从来没有主动提及过，而加德纳太太所形成的那种半指望，在他收到一封信之后，却毫无结果。伊丽莎白回来后，可能来自彭伯里收到没有。
The present unhappy state of the family rendered any other excuse for the   lowness of her spirits unnecessary; nothing, therefore, could be fairly   conjectured from that, though Elizabeth, who was by this time   tolerably well acquainted with her own feelings, was perfectly aware that,   had she known nothing of Darcy, she could have borne the dread of Lydia’s   infamy somewhat better. It would have spared her, she thought, one   sleepless night out of two.
这个家庭目前不愉快的状态呈现任何其他理由她精神不必要的低；什么都没有，因此，可以推测，尽管伊丽莎白，谁是这个时候相当熟悉自己的感情，很清楚，她不了解达西，她能忍受的恐惧丽迪雅的丑行更好。她想，这会使她免于一个不眠之夜。
When Mr. Bennet arrived, he had all the appearance of his usual   philosophic composure. He said as little as he had ever been in the habit   of saying; made no mention of the business that had taken him away, and it   was some time before his daughters had courage to speak of it.
当Bennet先生到达时，他表现出他一贯的达观态度。他说的话跟他以前说过的话一样少，没有提到把他带走的事，过了一段时间他女儿才鼓起勇气说出来。
It was not till the afternoon, when he had joined them at tea, that   Elizabeth ventured to introduce the subject; and then, on her briefly   expressing her sorrow for what he must have endured, he replied, “Say   nothing of that. Who should suffer but myself? It has been my own doing,   and I ought to feel it.”
直到下午，他和他们一起喝茶，伊丽莎白才冒险介绍这个话题；然后，在她简单地表达了他对他所忍受的一切的悲伤时，他回答说：“别提了。”。除了我自己，谁还会受苦？这是我自己做的，我应该感觉到。”
“You must not be too severe upon yourself,” replied Elizabeth.
“你不能对自己太严厉，”伊丽莎白回答说。
“You may well warn me against such an evil. Human nature is so prone to   fall into it! No, Lizzy, let me once in my life feel how much I have been   to blame. I am not afraid of being overpowered by the impression. It will   pass away soon enough.”
“你可以警告我不要这样邪恶。”。人性是如此容易落入其中！不，Lizzy，我曾经在我的生命中有多少我一直责怪。我不怕被压倒的印象。很快就会过去的。”
“Do you suppose them to be in London?”
“你认为他们在伦敦吗？”“
“Yes; where else can they be so well concealed?”
“是的，他们还能藏在什么地方呢？”“
“And Lydia used to want to go to London,” added Kitty.
“丽迪雅过去常想去伦敦，”凯蒂补充说。
“She is happy then,” said her father drily; “and her residence there will   probably be of some duration.”
“那她是幸福的，”她的父亲冷冷地说；“她也许要在那儿住一段时间。”
Then after a short silence he continued:
接着，他沉默了一会儿，继续说下去：
“Lizzy, I bear you no ill-will for being justified in your advice to me   last May, which, considering the event, shows some greatness of mind.”
“Lizzy，我对你决不怪你的忠告对我去年五月，考虑事件，显示了一些伟大的心灵。”
They were interrupted by Miss Bennet, who came to fetch her mother’s tea.
Bennet小姐来接她母亲的茶，把他们给打断了。
“This is a parade,” he cried, “which does one good; it gives such an   elegance to misfortune! Another day I will do the same; I will sit in my   library, in my nightcap and powdering gown, and give as much trouble as I   can; or, perhaps, I may defer it till Kitty runs away.”
“这是一次游行，”他喊道，“这是一件好事，它给不幸带来如此的优雅。”！一天，我也会做同样的事；我坐在图书馆，我的睡帽和粉礼服，并尽量找人麻烦；或者，也许，我可能会推迟到凯蒂跑了。”
“I am not going to run away, papa,” said Kitty fretfully. “If I should   ever go to Brighton, I would behave better than Lydia.”
“我不想跑了，爸爸，”凯蒂气恼的说。“如果我去布赖顿，我会比丽迪雅表现得更好。”
“You go to Brighton. I would not trust you so near it as Eastbourne   for fifty pounds! No, Kitty, I have at last learnt to be cautious, and you   will feel the effects of it. No officer is ever to enter into my house   again, nor even to pass through the village. Balls will be absolutely   prohibited, unless you stand up with one of your sisters. And you are   never to stir out of doors till you can prove that you have spent ten   minutes of every day in a rational manner.”
“你去布赖顿。我不会让它附近的伊斯特本五十英镑的信任你！不，基蒂，我终于学会了谨慎，你会感受到它的影响。再也没有军官进过我的房子，甚至连村子都不经过。除非你和你的姐妹站起来，否则舞会绝对禁止。而且，除非你能证明你每天花了十分钟以理性的态度去做，否则你永远不会激动。
Kitty, who took all these threats in a serious light, began to cry.
基蒂严肃地接受了所有这些威胁，开始哭了起来。
“Well, well,” said he, “do not make yourself unhappy. If you are a good   girl for the next ten years, I will take you to a review at the end of   them.”
“嗯，好吧，”他说，“别让自己不高兴。如果你在接下来的十年里是个好女孩，我会带你去复习。
Chapter 49
49章
Two days after Mr. Bennet’s return, as Jane and Elizabeth were walking   together in the shrubbery behind the house, they saw the housekeeper   coming towards them, and, concluding that she came to call them to their   mother, went forward to meet her; but, instead of the expected summons,   when they approached her, she said to Miss Bennet, “I beg your pardon,   madam, for interrupting you, but I was in hopes you might have got some   good news from town, so I took the liberty of coming to ask.”
Bennet先生回来后的第二天，简和伊丽莎白在房子后面的灌木丛一起散步，他们看到管家朝他们走过来，并认为她是打电话给他们，他们的母亲，走上前去迎接她；但是，而不是预期的召唤，当他们走近她，她Bennet小姐说，“对不起，小姐，打扰你了，但我希望你能有从城里一些好消息，所以我冒昧地来问。”
“What do you mean, Hill? We have heard nothing from town.”
“你是什么意思，Hill？我们镇上什么也没听到。”
“Dear madam,” cried Mrs. Hill, in great astonishment, “don’t you know   there is an express come for master from Mr. Gardiner? He has been here   this half-hour, and master has had a letter.”
“亲爱的夫人，”Hill太太惊讶地叫道，“你不知道加德纳先生有一个快车来接主人吗？他在这儿呆了半个小时，主人已经收到了一封信。”
Away ran the girls, too eager to get in to have time for speech. They ran   through the vestibule into the breakfast-room; from thence to the library;   their father was in neither; and they were on the point of seeking him up   stairs with their mother, when they were met by the butler, who said:
姑娘们跑得远远的，迫不及待地想进去发言。他们穿过门厅进入早餐室；从那里到图书馆；他们的父亲也不在那里；他们正想找他和母亲一起上楼，当他们遇到管家时，他说：
“If you are looking for my master, ma’am, he is walking towards the little   copse.”
“如果你正在寻找我的主人，夫人，他正往小树林里去散步。”
Upon this information, they instantly passed through the hall once more,   and ran across the lawn after their father, who was deliberately pursuing   his way towards a small wood on one side of the paddock.
听到这些消息，他们又一次穿过大厅，沿着他们父亲的草地跑去，父亲正朝着围场一侧的一棵小树林里走去。
Jane, who was not so light nor so much in the habit of running as   Elizabeth, soon lagged behind, while her sister, panting for breath, came   up with him, and eagerly cried out:
简不那么轻，也不像伊丽莎白那样有跑步的习惯，很快就落后了，而她的妹妹气喘吁吁地跟上来，急切地喊着：
“Oh, papa, what news—what news? Have you heard from my uncle?”
“哦，爸爸，有什么新闻吗？你收到我叔叔的信了吗？“
“Yes I have had a letter from him by express.”
“是的，我收到了他的一封快件。”
“Well, and what news does it bring—good or bad?”
“那么，它带来什么好消息或坏消息呢？”“
“What is there of good to be expected?” said he, taking the letter from   his pocket. “But perhaps you would like to read it.”
“有什么好期待的？他从口袋里掏出那封信说。“但也许你想读一读。”
Elizabeth impatiently caught it from his hand. Jane now came up.
伊丽莎白不耐烦地从他手里抓住了它。简现在上来了。
“Read it aloud,” said their father, “for I hardly know myself what it is   about.”
“大声念出来，”他们的父亲说，“因为我几乎不知道这是怎么回事。”
“Gracechurch Street, Monday, August 2.
“天恩寺街，星期一，8月2日。
“MY DEAR BROTHER,
“我亲爱的哥哥，
“At last I am able to send you some tidings of my niece, and such as, upon   the whole, I hope it will give you satisfaction. Soon after you left me on   Saturday, I was fortunate enough to find out in what part of London they   were. The particulars I reserve till we meet; it is enough to know they   are discovered. I have seen them both—”
“我终于可以把我侄女的消息告诉你了，总的来说，我希望你能满意。”。星期六你离开我后不久，我很幸运地发现了他们在伦敦的什么地方。我保留的细节直到我们见面，知道它们被发现就足够了。我见过他们俩——”
“Then it is as I always hoped,” cried Jane; “they are married!”
“那是我一直希望的，”简叫道，“他们结婚了。”！“
Elizabeth read on:
伊丽莎白继续读下去：
“I have seen them both. They are not married, nor can I find there was any   intention of being so; but if you are willing to perform the engagements   which I have ventured to make on your side, I hope it will not be long   before they are. All that is required of you is, to assure to your   daughter, by settlement, her equal share of the five thousand pounds   secured among your children after the decease of yourself and my sister;   and, moreover, to enter into an engagement of allowing her, during your   life, one hundred pounds per annum. These are conditions which,   considering everything, I had no hesitation in complying with, as far as I   thought myself privileged, for you. I shall send this by express, that no   time may be lost in bringing me your answer. You will easily comprehend,   from these particulars, that Mr. Wickham’s circumstances are not so   hopeless as they are generally believed to be. The world has been deceived   in that respect; and I am happy to say there will be some little money,   even when all his debts are discharged, to settle on my niece, in addition   to her own fortune. If, as I conclude will be the case, you send me full   powers to act in your name throughout the whole of this business, I will   immediately give directions to Haggerston for preparing a proper   settlement. There will not be the smallest occasion for your coming to   town again; therefore stay quiet at Longbourn, and depend on my diligence   and care. Send back your answer as fast as you can, and be careful to   write explicitly. We have judged it best that my niece should be married   from this house, of which I hope you will approve. She comes to us to-day.   I shall write again as soon as anything more is determined on. Yours,   etc.,
“我见过他们俩。”。他们还没有结婚，我也找不到这样做的意图，但如果你愿意履行我在你身边所作出的承诺，我希望不久他们就会结婚。所有你需要的是，确保你的女儿，通过结算，她应得五千英镑的固定在你的孩子自己和姐姐去世后；和，此外，进入让她订婚，在你的生命中，每年一百英镑。这些条件，考虑到一切，我毫不犹豫地遵守了，我认为我自己是有特权的，为你。我将用快递寄这封信，在给你答复时不会浪费时间。从这些细节中你很容易理解，威克姆先生的情况并不像人们通常认为的那样是无望的。世界在这方面被欺骗了，我很高兴地说，即使他所有的债务都被偿还了，除了我自己的财产之外，我的侄女也将得到一些钱。如果，我的结论是，你给我充分的权力，以你的名义在本业务的整体，我会立即发出指示，Haggerston准备妥善解决。不会有你再进城；因此安静的呆在Longbourn，依靠自己的勤奋和护理。尽可能快地回复你的答案，小心写清楚。我认为我的侄女应该从这所房子结婚，我希望你能批准。她今天来找我们。只要有进一步的决定，我就马上写信。你的等等，
“EDW. GARDINER.”
“企业级数据仓库。加德纳。”
“Is it possible?” cried Elizabeth, when she had finished. “Can it be   possible that he will marry her?”
“有可能吗？伊丽莎白说完后喊道。“他有可能娶她吗？”“
“Wickham is not so undeserving, then, as we thought him,” said her sister.   “My dear father, I congratulate you.”
“威克姆是不是很不值得，那么，我们想他，”她的妹妹说。“我亲爱的父亲，我祝贺你。”
“And have you answered the letter?” cried Elizabeth.
“你把信给我了吗？”伊丽莎白喊道。
“No; but it must be done soon.”
“不，但必须很快完成。”
Most earnestly did she then entreat him to lose no more time before he   wrote.
她恳切地恳求他在写之前不要再浪费时间了。
“Oh! my dear father,” she cried, “come back and write immediately.   Consider how important every moment is in such a case.”
“哦！“我亲爱的父亲，”她喊道，“马上回来写。”。想想在这种情况下，每一刻都有多重要。”
“Let me write for you,” said Jane, “if you dislike the trouble yourself.”
“让我给你写信吧，”简说，“如果你自己不喜欢麻烦的话。”
“I dislike it very much,” he replied; “but it must be done.”
“我很不喜欢，”他回答说，“但必须这样做。”
And so saying, he turned back with them, and walked towards the house.
说着，他和他们一起转身朝房子走去。
“And may I ask—” said Elizabeth; “but the terms, I suppose, must be   complied with.”
“我可以问一下吗？”伊丽莎白说，“但我想，这些条件必须遵守。”
“Complied with! I am only ashamed of his asking so little.”
“遵守！我只为他要求的那么少而感到羞愧。”
“And they must marry! Yet he is such a man!”
“他们必须结婚。”！然而他是这样一个男人！“
“Yes, yes, they must marry. There is nothing else to be done. But there   are two things that I want very much to know; one is, how much money your   uncle has laid down to bring it about; and the other, how am I ever to pay   him.”
“是的，是的，他们必须结婚。”。没有别的事要做了。但有两件事我非常想知道，一个是，你叔叔为你带来了多少钱；另一件事，我怎么能付给他钱。
“Money! My uncle!” cried Jane, “what do you mean, sir?”
“钱！我的叔叔！珍妮叫道，“你是什么意思，先生？“
“I mean, that no man in his senses would marry Lydia on so slight a   temptation as one hundred a year during my life, and fifty after I am   gone.”
“我的意思是说，在我生命中的一百零一年里，在我离开之后，五十岁的时候，没有任何一个理智的人会嫁给丽迪雅。”
“That is very true,” said Elizabeth; “though it had not occurred to me   before. His debts to be discharged, and something still to remain! Oh! it   must be my uncle’s doings! Generous, good man, I am afraid he has   distressed himself. A small sum could not do all this.”
“那是真的，”伊丽莎白说，“虽然我以前没想到。他的债务要偿还，还有一些东西还留着！哦!那一定是我叔叔的事！慷慨，善良的人，恐怕他自己也苦恼了。一小笔钱做不到这一切。
“No,” said her father; “Wickham’s a fool if he takes her with a farthing   less than ten thousand pounds. I should be sorry to think so ill of him,   in the very beginning of our relationship.”
“不，”她的父亲说；“威克姆是个大傻瓜，如果他把她一分钱不到一万磅。在我们关系开始之际，我应该为他感到如此难过。”
“Ten thousand pounds! Heaven forbid! How is half such a sum to be repaid?”
“一万英镑！但愿！一半的这笔钱是怎么偿还的？“
Mr. Bennet made no answer, and each of them, deep in thought, continued   silent till they reached the house. Their father then went on to the   library to write, and the girls walked into the breakfast-room.
Bennet先生没有回答，每个人都陷入了沉思，继续沉默，直到他们来到屋子里。然后他们的父亲去图书馆写信，女孩们走进了早餐室。
“And they are really to be married!” cried Elizabeth, as soon as they were   by themselves. “How strange this is! And for this we are to be   thankful. That they should marry, small as is their chance of happiness,   and wretched as is his character, we are forced to rejoice. Oh, Lydia!”
“他们真的要结婚了。”！伊丽莎白一个人一个人叫道。“这是多么奇怪啊！为此，我们要心存感激。他们应该结婚，小的幸福的机会，和悲惨的，因为他的性格，我们不得不高兴。哦，丽迪雅！“
“I comfort myself with thinking,” replied Jane, “that he certainly would   not marry Lydia if he had not a real regard for her. Though our kind uncle   has done something towards clearing him, I cannot believe that ten   thousand pounds, or anything like it, has been advanced. He has children   of his own, and may have more. How could he spare half ten thousand   pounds?”
“我用思想安慰自己，”吉英答道，“如果他对她没有真正的尊重，他肯定不会嫁给丽迪雅的。”。虽然我们好心的叔叔已经做了一些事情来清除他，但我不敢相信一万磅或任何类似的东西已经被提升了。他有自己的孩子，可能有更多的孩子。他怎么能腾出一万英镑呢？“
“If he were ever able to learn what Wickham’s debts have been,” said   Elizabeth, “and how much is settled on his side on our sister, we shall   exactly know what Mr. Gardiner has done for them, because Wickham has not   sixpence of his own. The kindness of my uncle and aunt can never be   requited. Their taking her home, and affording her their personal   protection and countenance, is such a sacrifice to her advantage as years   of gratitude cannot enough acknowledge. By this time she is actually with   them! If such goodness does not make her miserable now, she will never   deserve to be happy! What a meeting for her, when she first sees my aunt!”
“如果他能知道威克姆的债务了，”伊丽莎白说，“有多少是落在他身边我们的妹妹，我们就会知道加德纳先生做了他们，因为威克姆自己一个子也没有。我的叔叔和婶婶的善良永远无法报答。他们把她带回家，给她个人的保护和面容，这是对她有利的牺牲，因为多年的感激是不够的。这时她已经和他们在一起了！如果这种美德现在不使她痛苦，她永远也不配得到幸福！她第一次见到我姑姑时，会开什么会？！“
“We must endeavour to forget all that has passed on either side,” said   Jane: “I hope and trust they will yet be happy. His consenting to marry   her is a proof, I will believe, that he is come to a right way of   thinking. Their mutual affection will steady them; and I flatter myself   they will settle so quietly, and live in so rational a manner, as may in   time make their past imprudence forgotten.”
简说：“我们必须努力忘记任何一方所经历的一切，我希望并相信他们会幸福。”。他同意娶她是一个证据，我就相信，他得出一个正确的思维方式。他们的感情会稳定他们；和我他们就会很平静，生活在如此理性的方式，可能在时间上把他们过去的轻率遗忘。”
“Their conduct has been such,” replied Elizabeth, “as neither you, nor I,   nor anybody can ever forget. It is useless to talk of it.”
“他们的行为是这样的，”伊丽莎白答道，“因为你，我，任何人都不能忘记。”。谈论它是没有用的。”
It now occurred to the girls that their mother was in all likelihood   perfectly ignorant of what had happened. They went to the library,   therefore, and asked their father whether he would not wish them to make   it known to her. He was writing and, without raising his head, coolly   replied:
现在女孩们想到她们的母亲完全可能完全不知道发生了什么事。于是他们去了图书馆，问他们的父亲他是否不希望他们把这事告诉她。他在写字，没有抬起头，冷冷地回答：
“Just as you please.”
“随你的便。”
“May we take my uncle’s letter to read to her?”
“我们可以把叔叔的信读给她听吗？”“
“Take whatever you like, and get away.”
“拿你喜欢的任何东西，然后离开。”
Elizabeth took the letter from his writing-table, and they went up stairs   together. Mary and Kitty were both with Mrs. Bennet: one communication   would, therefore, do for all. After a slight preparation for good news,   the letter was read aloud. Mrs. Bennet could hardly contain herself. As   soon as Jane had read Mr. Gardiner’s hope of Lydia’s being soon married,   her joy burst forth, and every following sentence added to its exuberance.   She was now in an irritation as violent from delight, as she had ever been   fidgety from alarm and vexation. To know that her daughter would be   married was enough. She was disturbed by no fear for her felicity, nor   humbled by any remembrance of her misconduct.
伊丽莎白从他的写字台上接过信，他们一起上楼去了。玛丽和基蒂都和Bennet夫人在一起，因此，一次交流对所有人都有好处。在为好消息作了一点准备之后，这封信被大声朗读了出来。Bennet太太简直控制不住自己。简一读到加德纳先生对丽迪雅即将结婚的希望，她的喜悦就迸发出来，每一句话都增添了她的欢乐。她因为一时高兴，她曾经烦躁惊恐，烦恼。知道女儿结婚就够了。她对自己的幸福毫不畏惧，也丝毫不因自己的不端行为而感到谦卑。
“My dear, dear Lydia!” she cried. “This is delightful indeed! She will be   married! I shall see her again! She will be married at sixteen! My good,   kind brother! I knew how it would be. I knew he would manage everything!   How I long to see her! and to see dear Wickham too! But the clothes, the   wedding clothes! I will write to my sister Gardiner about them directly.   Lizzy, my dear, run down to your father, and ask him how much he will give   her. Stay, stay, I will go myself. Ring the bell, Kitty, for Hill. I will   put on my things in a moment. My dear, dear Lydia! How merry we shall be   together when we meet!”
“亲爱的，亲爱的丽迪雅！“她哭了。“这的确令人愉快！她要结婚了！我将再次见到她！她十六岁就要结婚了！我的好兄弟！我知道那会是什么样子。我知道他会处理一切的！我多么渴望见到她！也看到亲爱的威克姆！但是衣服，结婚礼服！我将直接给我妹妹加德纳写信。Lizzy，亲爱的，去你的父亲，问他，他会给她多少。留下来，留下来，我自己去。按铃，基蒂，Hill。我马上就穿上我的东西。我亲爱的，亲爱的丽迪雅！我们见面时，我们会多么愉快啊！“
Her eldest daughter endeavoured to give some relief to the violence of   these transports, by leading her thoughts to the obligations which Mr.   Gardiner’s behaviour laid them all under.
她的大女儿想给一些救济这些运输暴力，导致她的想法，加德纳先生的行为奠定了他们所有的义务。
“For we must attribute this happy conclusion,” she added, “in a great   measure to his kindness. We are persuaded that he has pledged himself to   assist Mr. Wickham with money.”
“因为我们必须把这个愉快的结论归因于它，”她补充道，“在很大程度上是为了他的仁慈。”。我们相信他已保证要用金钱帮助威克姆先生。”
“Well,” cried her mother, “it is all very right; who should do it but her   own uncle? If he had not had a family of his own, I and my children must   have had all his money, you know; and it is the first time we have ever   had anything from him, except a few presents. Well! I am so happy! In a   short time I shall have a daughter married. Mrs. Wickham! How well it   sounds! And she was only sixteen last June. My dear Jane, I am in such a   flutter, that I am sure I can’t write; so I will dictate, and you write   for me. We will settle with your father about the money afterwards; but   the things should be ordered immediately.”
“好吧，”她母亲叫道，“一切都很好，除了她自己的叔叔，谁应该做这件事呢？如果他没有一个自己的家庭，我和我的孩子们一定有他所有的钱，你知道，这是我们第一次从他那里得到任何东西，除了一些礼物。好!我很高兴！不一会儿我就要嫁个女儿了。威克姆夫人！听起来多好啊！去年六月她才十六岁。我亲爱的简，我在这样一个颤振，我相信我不能写，所以我会命令，你写信给我。事后我们会跟你父亲谈谈这笔钱的事，但事情应该马上就解决。”
She was then proceeding to all the particulars of calico, muslin, and   cambric, and would shortly have dictated some very plentiful orders, had   not Jane, though with some difficulty, persuaded her to wait till her   father was at leisure to be consulted. One day’s delay, she observed,   would be of small importance; and her mother was too happy to be quite so   obstinate as usual. Other schemes, too, came into her head.
她接着印花布，棉布，所有细节和麻纱，很快将取决于一些非常丰富的命令，没有简，虽然有一定的难度，让她等到她的父亲在休闲被咨询。她说，有一天的耽搁是无关紧要的，她母亲太高兴了，不像往常那样固执。其他计划也在她脑海中出现。
“I will go to Meryton,” said she, “as soon as I am dressed, and tell the   good, good news to my sister Philips. And as I come back, I can call on   Lady Lucas and Mrs. Long. Kitty, run down and order the carriage. An   airing would do me a great deal of good, I am sure. Girls, can I do   anything for you in Meryton? Oh! Here comes Hill! My dear Hill, have you   heard the good news? Miss Lydia is going to be married; and you shall all   have a bowl of punch to make merry at her wedding.”
“我要去，”她说，“只要我穿上衣服，并告诉好，好消息，我的妹妹飞利浦。当我回来时，我可以去拜访Lady Lucas和龙太太。凯蒂，跑下来订马车。我相信，播出会对我有很大的好处。女孩，我可以为你去做什么？哦!Hill来了！亲爱的Hill，你听到这个好消息了吗？丽迪雅小姐要结婚了，你们大家都要喝一大碗酒，在她的婚礼上作乐。”
Mrs. Hill began instantly to express her joy. Elizabeth received her   congratulations amongst the rest, and then, sick of this folly, took   refuge in her own room, that she might think with freedom.
Hill太太立刻开始表达她的喜悦之情。伊丽莎白在其他人中得到了她的祝贺，然后厌倦了这种愚蠢的行为，躲在自己的房间里，她可以自由地思考。
Poor Lydia’s situation must, at best, be bad enough; but that it was no   worse, she had need to be thankful. She felt it so; and though, in looking   forward, neither rational happiness nor worldly prosperity could be justly   expected for her sister, in looking back to what they had feared, only two   hours ago, she felt all the advantages of what they had gained.
可怜的丽迪雅的处境充其量只能说是够糟糕的了，但也没什么比这更糟的，她需要心存感激。她觉得是这样；尽管向前看，理性的幸福和世俗的繁荣对她的妹妹来说是不合理的，但在两个小时前，她回顾了他们曾经害怕的事情，她感觉到了他们所得到的一切好处。
Chapter 50
50章
Mr. Bennet had very often wished before this period of his life that,   instead of spending his whole income, he had laid by an annual sum for the   better provision of his children, and of his wife, if she survived him. He   now wished it more than ever. Had he done his duty in that respect, Lydia   need not have been indebted to her uncle for whatever of honour or credit   could now be purchased for her. The satisfaction of prevailing on one of   the most worthless young men in Great Britain to be her husband might then   have rested in its proper place.
Bennet先生常常希望在他人生的这段时间里，他没有花掉他的全部收入，而是每年为他的孩子和妻子提供更好的生活，如果她能活下来的话。他现在比以往任何时候都更希望它。如果他在这方面尽了自己的责任，丽迪雅就不必欠她叔叔任何荣誉和荣誉。在大不列颠最有价值的年轻人中，一个丈夫当丈夫的满足感可能会使她得到适当的休息。
He was seriously concerned that a cause of so little advantage to anyone   should be forwarded at the sole expense of his brother-in-law, and he was   determined, if possible, to find out the extent of his assistance, and to   discharge the obligation as soon as he could.
他严重地担心，任何一个对任何人都没有好处的事业，应该以他姐夫的唯一代价为代价，他决定如果可能的话，查明他的援助程度，并尽可能快地履行这项义务。
When first Mr. Bennet had married, economy was held to be perfectly   useless, for, of course, they were to have a son. The son was to join in   cutting off the entail, as soon as he should be of age, and the widow and   younger children would by that means be provided for. Five daughters   successively entered the world, but yet the son was to come; and Mrs.   Bennet, for many years after Lydia’s birth, had been certain that he   would. This event had at last been despaired of, but it was then too late   to be saving. Mrs. Bennet had no turn for economy, and her husband’s love   of independence had alone prevented their exceeding their income.
当Bennet先生第一次结婚的时候，经济被认为是毫无用处的，因为他们当然要有个儿子。儿子一到年龄就要参加这项工作，寡妇和年幼的孩子也要为此而负担。五个女儿相继来到了世上，但儿子就要来了；Bennet太太在丽迪雅出生多年之后，就确信他会来。这一事件终于被绝望，但那时是为时已晚。Bennet太太没有经济出路，而她丈夫对独立的热爱又一次阻止了他们收入的增加。
Five thousand pounds was settled by marriage articles on Mrs. Bennet and   the children. But in what proportions it should be divided amongst the   latter depended on the will of the parents. This was one point, with   regard to Lydia, at least, which was now to be settled, and Mr. Bennet   could have no hesitation in acceding to the proposal before him. In terms   of grateful acknowledgment for the kindness of his brother, though   expressed most concisely, he then delivered on paper his perfect   approbation of all that was done, and his willingness to fulfil the   engagements that had been made for him. He had never before supposed that,   could Wickham be prevailed on to marry his daughter, it would be done with   so little inconvenience to himself as by the present arrangement. He would   scarcely be ten pounds a year the loser by the hundred that was to be paid   them; for, what with her board and pocket allowance, and the continual   presents in money which passed to her through her mother’s hands, Lydia’s   expenses had been very little within that sum.
五千英镑由Bennet太太和孩子们的结婚条款解决了。但在何种程度上应该分为后者，这取决于父母的意愿。对于丽迪雅来说，这是一个问题，至少现在已经解决了，Bennet先生可以毫不犹豫地加入他的提议。他对兄弟的好意表示感谢，虽然表达得最简洁，但他在纸上表示他对所做的一切的完全认可，并愿意履行为他所做的约定。他从来没有想到过，威克姆能不能说服他娶他的女儿，这样做对他自己来说，和现在的安排一样，不会给他带来太多的不便。他一年也不到十镑，那是百分之一百的人要付给他们的，因为她的伙食费和零用钱，还有她母亲手里递来的钱，丽迪雅的花销很少。
That it would be done with such trifling exertion on his side, too, was   another very welcome surprise; for his wish at present was to have as   little trouble in the business as possible. When the first transports of   rage which had produced his activity in seeking her were over, he   naturally returned to all his former indolence. His letter was soon   dispatched; for, though dilatory in undertaking business, he was quick in   its execution. He begged to know further particulars of what he was   indebted to his brother, but was too angry with Lydia to send any message   to her.
另一个非常受欢迎的惊喜是，他在这方面做了些微不足道的事，因为他现在的愿望是尽可能少地处理生意上的麻烦。当第一把愤怒出他的活动在追求她了，他很自然地回到了他过去所有的懒惰。他的信很快派出；，虽然在承接业务拖拖拉拉，他完成得很快。他恳求进一步了解他对他兄弟的感激之情，但对丽迪雅太生气了，没有给她发任何消息。
The good news spread quickly through the house, and with proportionate   speed through the neighbourhood. It was borne in the latter with decent   philosophy. To be sure, it would have been more for the advantage of   conversation had Miss Lydia Bennet come upon the town; or, as the happiest   alternative, been secluded from the world, in some distant farmhouse. But   there was much to be talked of in marrying her; and the good-natured   wishes for her well-doing which had proceeded before from all the spiteful   old ladies in Meryton lost but a little of their spirit in this change of   circumstances, because with such an husband her misery was considered   certain.
这个好消息迅速传遍了整个房子，并以相当的速度传遍了整个社区。后者以正派的哲学为生。可以肯定的是，如果Lydia Bennet小姐来镇上，那会更有益于谈话，或者作为最幸福的选择，在一个遥远的农舍里与世隔绝。但有许多东西要谈到在娶她；为她做好是在从所有恶毒的老太太在麦里屯了但他们的精神一点，在这种情况的改变的善良的愿望，因为这样一个丈夫，她的痛苦是一定的。
It was a fortnight since Mrs. Bennet had been downstairs; but on this   happy day she again took her seat at the head of her table, and in spirits   oppressively high. No sentiment of shame gave a damp to her triumph. The   marriage of a daughter, which had been the first object of her wishes   since Jane was sixteen, was now on the point of accomplishment, and her   thoughts and her words ran wholly on those attendants of elegant nuptials,   fine muslins, new carriages, and servants. She was busily searching   through the neighbourhood for a proper situation for her daughter, and,   without knowing or considering what their income might be, rejected many   as deficient in size and importance.
这是自Bennet夫人已经在楼下两周；但在这快乐的一天，她又把她的座位在她头上，并在精神、高。没有羞耻的情绪使她胜利了。一个女儿的婚姻，这已经是简十六是她的第一个心愿，就是现在的成就，与她的思想和她的话都完全在那些服务员优雅的婚礼，好的穆斯林，新的马车，和仆人。她正忙着在附近寻找适合女儿的情况，而不知道或考虑他们的收入可能会被拒绝，因为许多人在规模和重要性上都缺乏。
“Haye Park might do,” said she, “if the Gouldings could quit it—or   the great house at Stoke, if the drawing-room were larger; but Ashworth is   too far off! I could not bear to have her ten miles from me; and as for   Pulvis Lodge, the attics are dreadful.”
“海耶公园做什么，”她说，“如果Gouldings离开那幢大房子在斯托克，如果客厅较大；但阿什沃思是太远了！我不忍心让她离我十英里；至于散的阁楼小屋，是可怕的。”
Her husband allowed her to talk on without interruption while the servants   remained. But when they had withdrawn, he said to her: “Mrs. Bennet,   before you take any or all of these houses for your son and daughter, let   us come to a right understanding. Into one house in this   neighbourhood they shall never have admittance. I will not encourage the   impudence of either, by receiving them at Longbourn.”
她的丈夫允许她在仆人不说话时不间断地讲话。他们就退了来，对她说：“Bennet太太，在你为你的儿子和女儿取一个或所有这些房屋之前，让我们来个正确的认识吧。”。在这附近的一幢房子里，他们决不允许进去。我不会鼓励任何无礼，接受他们在Longbourn。”
A long dispute followed this declaration; but Mr. Bennet was firm. It soon   led to another; and Mrs. Bennet found, with amazement and horror, that her   husband would not advance a guinea to buy clothes for his daughter. He   protested that she should receive from him no mark of affection whatever   on the occasion. Mrs. Bennet could hardly comprehend it. That his anger   could be carried to such a point of inconceivable resentment as to refuse   his daughter a privilege without which her marriage would scarcely seem   valid, exceeded all she could believe possible. She was more alive to the   disgrace which her want of new clothes must reflect on her daughter’s   nuptials, than to any sense of shame at her eloping and living with   Wickham a fortnight before they took place.
这个声明引起了长期争论，但Bennet先生很坚定。很快又传来了另一件事，Bennet太太惊奇地发现她丈夫不肯让几内亚去给女儿买衣服。他抗议说无论在什么场合，她都不会受到他的爱的影响。Bennet太太几乎不能理解。他的愤怒可以被这样一种难以想象的怨恨所激发，拒绝给他的女儿一种特权，而如果没有这种特权，她的婚姻就不可能是合法的，超过了她所能相信的一切。她是活着的耻辱，她想要新衣服必须反映在她女儿的婚礼，比任何的羞耻感在她私奔和威克姆一起生活两周才发生。
Elizabeth was now most heartily sorry that she had, from the distress of   the moment, been led to make Mr. Darcy acquainted with their fears for her   sister; for since her marriage would so shortly give the proper   termination to the elopement, they might hope to conceal its unfavourable   beginning from all those who were not immediately on the spot.
伊丽莎白现在非常后悔，她因为一时痛苦，竟让达西先生知道自己对妹妹的担忧；自从她的婚姻会很快就给适当的终止私奔，他们可能隐瞒对其不利的从那些没有立即当场。
She had no fear of its spreading farther through his means. There were few   people on whose secrecy she would have more confidently depended; but, at   the same time, there was no one whose knowledge of a sister’s frailty   would have mortified her so much—not, however, from any fear of   disadvantage from it individually to herself, for, at any rate, there   seemed a gulf impassable between them. Had Lydia’s marriage been concluded   on the most honourable terms, it was not to be supposed that Mr. Darcy   would connect himself with a family where, to every other objection, would   now be added an alliance and relationship of the nearest kind with a man   whom he so justly scorned.
她不怕他通过手段进一步传播。很少有人对其保密，她会更自信地依赖；但同时，没有一个一个妹妹的脆弱的知识会伤害她那么多，但是，从任何恐惧的缺点它单独自己，无论如何，这似乎是一个不可逾越的鸿沟他们之间。如果丽迪雅的婚姻以最高尚的条件结束的话，那就不应该假定达西先生会把自己和一个家庭联系在一起，在这个家庭里，任何其他反对意见，现在都会增加一个联盟和最亲密的关系，而这个男人正是他所鄙视的那个人。
From such a connection she could not wonder that he would shrink. The wish   of procuring her regard, which she had assured herself of his feeling in   Derbyshire, could not in rational expectation survive such a blow as this.   She was humbled, she was grieved; she repented, though she hardly knew of   what. She became jealous of his esteem, when she could no longer hope to   be benefited by it. She wanted to hear of him, when there seemed the least   chance of gaining intelligence. She was convinced that she could have been   happy with him, when it was no longer likely they should meet.
从这样的联系中，她可以毫不怀疑他会畏缩。想要博得她的欢心，她告诉自己自己在德比郡，不能在理性预期生存这一次打击。她很自卑，她很伤心；她后悔了，尽管她几乎不知道什么。当她再也不能指望从中受益时，她嫉妒了他的自尊。她想听到他的消息，似乎不大可能得到情报。她确信，当他不再见面时，她本可以和他在一起很幸福的。
What a triumph for him, as she often thought, could he know that the   proposals which she had proudly spurned only four months ago, would now   have been most gladly and gratefully received! He was as generous, she   doubted not, as the most generous of his sex; but while he was mortal,   there must be a triumph.
她常常想到，如果他知道四个月前她得意地拒绝了那些提议，那他现在会非常高兴和感激地接受了！他是慷慨的，她怀疑他不是最慷慨的性，但当他死了，肯定有一个胜利。
She began now to comprehend that he was exactly the man who, in   disposition and talents, would most suit her. His understanding and   temper, though unlike her own, would have answered all her wishes. It was   an union that must have been to the advantage of both; by her ease and   liveliness, his mind might have been softened, his manners improved; and   from his judgement, information, and knowledge of the world, she must have   received benefit of greater importance.
她现在开始明白，他正是那种性格和才能最适合她的男人。他的理解和脾气，虽然不同于她自己，但也能满足她所有的愿望。这是一个必然有利于双方的联盟；她的轻松和活泼，他的头脑可能已经软化，他的举止得到改善；从他的判断，信息和对世界的了解，她一定得到了更重要的利益。
But no such happy marriage could now teach the admiring multitude what   connubial felicity really was. An union of a different tendency, and   precluding the possibility of the other, was soon to be formed in their   family.
而不幸福的婚姻现在可以教千千万万婚姻的幸福到底是什么。另一个趋势的结合，并排除了其他的可能性，就要在他们的家庭形成。
How Wickham and Lydia were to be supported in tolerable independence, she   could not imagine. But how little of permanent happiness could belong to a   couple who were only brought together because their passions were stronger   than their virtue, she could easily conjecture.
威克姆和丽迪雅怎样才能得到应有的独立支持，她无法想象。但是，如果一对夫妇因为感情比美德更强大，那么他们就可以永远幸福地生活在一起，她很容易猜到。
Mr. Gardiner soon wrote again to his brother. To Mr. Bennet’s   acknowledgments he briefly replied, with assurance of his eagerness to   promote the welfare of any of his family; and concluded with entreaties   that the subject might never be mentioned to him again. The principal   purport of his letter was to inform them that Mr. Wickham had resolved on   quitting the militia.
加德纳先生不久又给他的兄弟写了封信。Bennet先生承认他简要回答，随着他的渴望保证促进任何家庭的福利；提出请求的主体可能不会提到他了。他信的主旨是通知他们，威克姆先生已决定退出民兵组织。
“It was greatly my wish that he should do so,” he added, “as soon as his   marriage was fixed on. And I think you will agree with me, in considering   the removal from that corps as highly advisable, both on his account and   my niece’s. It is Mr. Wickham’s intention to go into the regulars; and   among his former friends, there are still some who are able and willing to   assist him in the army. He has the promise of an ensigncy in General   ——‘s regiment, now quartered in the North. It is an advantage   to have it so far from this part of the kingdom. He promises fairly; and I   hope among different people, where they may each have a character to   preserve, they will both be more prudent. I have written to Colonel   Forster, to inform him of our present arrangements, and to request that he   will satisfy the various creditors of Mr. Wickham in and near Brighton,   with assurances of speedy payment, for which I have pledged myself. And   will you give yourself the trouble of carrying similar assurances to his   creditors in Meryton, of whom I shall subjoin a list according to his   information? He has given in all his debts; I hope at least he has not   deceived us. Haggerston has our directions, and all will be completed in a   week. They will then join his regiment, unless they are first invited to   Longbourn; and I understand from Mrs. Gardiner, that my niece is very   desirous of seeing you all before she leaves the South. She is well, and   begs to be dutifully remembered to you and her mother.—Yours, etc.,
“我非常希望他能这样做，”他补充说，“一旦他的婚姻被确定了。”。我想你会同意我的观点，考虑到从那一团离开是非常明智的，无论是因为他的缘故，还是我的侄女。这是威克姆先生想进入正规军；在他以前的朋友中，仍然有一些人有能力而且愿意帮助他参军。他已经承诺在一般少尉官职--团，现在驻扎在北境。从王国的这一部分到目前为止，这是一个优势。他许诺公正，我希望在不同的人，他们每个人都有一个字符，以保持，他们都会更加谨慎。我已写信给福斯特上校，通知他我们目前的安排，并请求他在和布赖顿附近的各种债权人中，保证迅速付款，我已经保证了。你会给自己进行类似的保证，债权人在麦里屯的麻烦，我应增补名单根据他的信息？他已偿还了所有的债务，我希望至少他没有欺骗我们。Haggerston有我们的方向，都将在一周内完成。他们将加入他的团，除非他们先邀请到Longbourn；我从加德纳夫人的理解，我的侄女很渴望见到你们都在她离开前的南。她很好，请求你忠实地记住你和她的母亲，
“E. GARDINER.”
“E. GARDINER。”
Mr. Bennet and his daughters saw all the advantages of Wickham’s removal   from the ——shire as clearly as Mr. Gardiner could do. But Mrs.   Bennet was not so well pleased with it. Lydia’s being settled in the   North, just when she had expected most pleasure and pride in her company,   for she had by no means given up her plan of their residing in   Hertfordshire, was a severe disappointment; and, besides, it was such a   pity that Lydia should be taken from a regiment where she was acquainted   with everybody, and had so many favourites.
Bennet先生和他的女儿们看到威克姆从郡里搬迁的一切好处，正如加德纳先生所能做到的那样。但Bennet太太对这件事不太满意。丽迪雅在北境定居，只是当她最期待的愉快和骄傲，在她的公司，她一直没放弃她，他们居住在赫特福德郡的计划，是一个严重的失望；和，此外，这是一个遗憾，丽迪雅应该从一个团，她认识每个人，有那么多的爱。
“She is so fond of Mrs. Forster,” said she, “it will be quite shocking to   send her away! And there are several of the young men, too, that she likes   very much. The officers may not be so pleasant in General ——‘s   regiment.”
“她很喜欢福斯特太太，”她说，“把她打发走会很震惊的！也有好几个年轻人，她非常喜欢。军官们可能不是一般的令人愉快的团。
His daughter’s request, for such it might be considered, of being admitted   into her family again before she set off for the North, received at first   an absolute negative. But Jane and Elizabeth, who agreed in wishing, for   the sake of their sister’s feelings and consequence, that she should be   noticed on her marriage by her parents, urged him so earnestly yet so   rationally and so mildly, to receive her and her husband at Longbourn, as   soon as they were married, that he was prevailed on to think as they   thought, and act as they wished. And their mother had the satisfaction of   knowing that she would be able to show her married daughter in the   neighbourhood before she was banished to the North. When Mr. Bennet wrote   again to his brother, therefore, he sent his permission for them to come;   and it was settled, that as soon as the ceremony was over, they should   proceed to Longbourn. Elizabeth was surprised, however, that Wickham   should consent to such a scheme, and had she consulted only her own   inclination, any meeting with him would have been the last object of her   wishes.
他女儿的要求，考虑到这一点，在她动身去北境之前，再次被接纳为家庭成员，起初受到了绝对的否定。但简和伊丽莎白，他们一致希望，为自己的妹妹的感情和后果的缘故，她应该注意到她的婚姻由父母，敦促他那么认真那么合理，那么温和，接受她和她的丈夫在Longbourn，当他们结婚了，他被说服在他们的思想认为，作为他们所希望的那样。他们的母亲感到满意，因为她知道在她被流放到北境之前，她可以向邻居展示她已婚的女儿。当Bennet先生又写信给他的弟弟，因此，他派他的许可他们来；并解决，当仪式结束时，他们应该去Longbourn。然而，伊丽莎白感到惊讶的是，威克姆应该同意这样一个计划，如果她只征求她自己的意愿，任何与他会面都是她最后的愿望。
Chapter 51
51章
Their sister’s wedding day arrived; and Jane and Elizabeth felt for her   probably more than she felt for herself. The carriage was sent to meet   them at ——, and they were to return in it by dinner-time.   Their arrival was dreaded by the elder Miss Bennets, and Jane more   especially, who gave Lydia the feelings which would have attended herself,   had she been the culprit, and was wretched in the thought of what her   sister must endure.
他们姐姐结婚的日子到了，简和伊丽莎白对她感到也许比她自己的感觉还要多。马车被派去接他们，——他们将在晚饭前返回。他们的到来是可怕的大小姐贝内茨，和简更是给了丽迪雅的感情，就参加了她自己，她是罪魁祸首，而不在想起她姐姐必须忍受。
They came. The family were assembled in the breakfast room to receive   them. Smiles decked the face of Mrs. Bennet as the carriage drove up to   the door; her husband looked impenetrably grave; her daughters, alarmed,   anxious, uneasy.
他们来了。一家人聚集在早餐室里迎接他们。微笑着Bennet夫人的脸，马车开到门口；她的丈夫看起来极其严重；她的女儿，惊恐，焦虑，不安。
Lydia’s voice was heard in the vestibule; the door was thrown open, and   she ran into the room. Her mother stepped forwards, embraced her, and   welcomed her with rapture; gave her hand, with an affectionate smile, to   Wickham, who followed his lady; and wished them both joy with an alacrity   which shewed no doubt of their happiness.
门厅里传来丽迪雅的声音；门开了，她跑进了房间。她的母亲上前去拥抱她，并欢迎她狂喜；给了她的手，带着亲切的笑容，威克姆，谁跟着他的太太；希望他们快乐与活泼，将毫无疑问的幸福。
Their reception from Mr. Bennet, to whom they then turned, was not quite   so cordial. His countenance rather gained in austerity; and he scarcely   opened his lips. The easy assurance of the young couple, indeed, was   enough to provoke him. Elizabeth was disgusted, and even Miss Bennet was   shocked. Lydia was Lydia still; untamed, unabashed, wild, noisy, and   fearless. She turned from sister to sister, demanding their   congratulations; and when at length they all sat down, looked eagerly   round the room, took notice of some little alteration in it, and observed,   with a laugh, that it was a great while since she had been there.
他们对Bennet先生的招待，对他们来说，并没有那么热情。他的脸色在紧缩中变得越来越大，几乎没有开口。对这对年轻夫妇的简单保证确实足以激怒他。伊丽莎白很反感，连Bennet小姐都被吓了一跳。丽迪雅是丽迪雅还是；野性，不加掩饰的，野生的，嘈杂的，无畏的。她从姐姐转向姐姐，向他们表示祝贺，最后他们都坐了下来，急切地环顾四周，注意到房间里有一些小小的变化，笑着说，自从她到那以后，已经有一段时间了。
Wickham was not at all more distressed than herself, but his manners were   always so pleasing, that had his character and his marriage been exactly   what they ought, his smiles and his easy address, while he claimed their   relationship, would have delighted them all. Elizabeth had not before   believed him quite equal to such assurance; but she sat down, resolving   within herself to draw no limits in future to the impudence of an impudent   man. She blushed, and Jane blushed; but the cheeks of the two who caused   their confusion suffered no variation of colour.
威克姆一点也不心疼，但他的举止总是那么讨人喜欢，他的性格和婚姻正是他们应该做的，他的微笑和轻松的住址，虽然他声称他们的关系，他们会很高兴的。伊丽莎白从来不相信他竟会这样保证；但她坐下来，解决在自己漫无止境的无耻的人的无耻。她脸红了，简红了脸，但引起他们混乱的两个人的脸颊没有颜色的变化。
There was no want of discourse. The bride and her mother could neither of   them talk fast enough; and Wickham, who happened to sit near Elizabeth,   began inquiring after his acquaintance in that neighbourhood, with a good   humoured ease which she felt very unable to equal in her replies. They   seemed each of them to have the happiest memories in the world. Nothing of   the past was recollected with pain; and Lydia led voluntarily to subjects   which her sisters would not have alluded to for the world.
不需要任何话语。新娘和她母亲既话来不及说；威克姆，坐在伊丽莎白身上发生过，开始在附近一带的熟人询问他后，带着愉快轻松，她觉得她很不平等的回复。他们似乎每个人都拥有世界上最幸福的回忆。过去的一切都是痛苦地回忆起来的，丽迪雅自愿地去做她姐妹们不愿提及的话题。
“Only think of its being three months,” she cried, “since I went away; it   seems but a fortnight I declare; and yet there have been things enough   happened in the time. Good gracious! when I went away, I am sure I had no   more idea of being married till I came back again! though I thought it   would be very good fun if I was.”
“只想到它已经有三个月了，”她哭着说，“自从我离开后，我只宣布了两个星期，但那时已经发生了足够多的事情。”。好亲切！当我离开的时候，我确信我再也没有结婚的想法了！虽然我觉得如果我是很有趣的话。”
Her father lifted up his eyes. Jane was distressed. Elizabeth looked   expressively at Lydia; but she, who never heard nor saw anything of which   she chose to be insensible, gaily continued, “Oh! mamma, do the people   hereabouts know I am married to-day? I was afraid they might not; and we   overtook William Goulding in his curricle, so I was determined he should   know it, and so I let down the side-glass next to him, and took off my   glove, and let my hand just rest upon the window frame, so that he might   see the ring, and then I bowed and smiled like anything.”
她父亲抬起眼睛。简很苦恼。伊丽莎白啼笑皆非地望着丽迪雅；但她从来没有听到或看到任何她选择不识时务，得意洋洋地说下去，“哦！妈妈，你这里的人们知道我今天结婚了吗？我担心他们会不；我们追上了William Goulding在他的轻便马车，所以我决定他应该知道，所以我放下一面玻璃旁边，脱下我的手套，让我的手只是停留在窗框上，以便他能看到环，然后我鞠躬和微笑像什么。”
Elizabeth could bear it no longer. She got up, and ran out of the room;   and returned no more, till she heard them passing through the hall to the   dining parlour. She then joined them soon enough to see Lydia, with   anxious parade, walk up to her mother’s right hand, and hear her say to   her eldest sister, “Ah! Jane, I take your place now, and you must go   lower, because I am a married woman.”
伊丽莎白再也忍受不了了。她站起来，跑出房间，再也没有回来，直到听到他们穿过大厅来到餐厅。她很快就和他们一起去看丽迪雅，带着焦虑的表情，走到她母亲的右手边，听到她对姐姐说：“啊！简，我现在占你的位置，你必须降下去，因为我是已婚妇女。”
It was not to be supposed that time would give Lydia that embarrassment   from which she had been so wholly free at first. Her ease and good spirits   increased. She longed to see Mrs. Phillips, the Lucases, and all their   other neighbours, and to hear herself called “Mrs. Wickham” by each of   them; and in the mean time, she went after dinner to show her ring, and   boast of being married, to Mrs. Hill and the two housemaids.
这是不应该认为时间会给丽迪雅的尴尬，她已经完全自由的第一次。她轻松愉快，精神愉快。她渴望见到菲利浦斯太太，卢卡斯家和他们所有的其他邻居，并听到她叫“威克姆夫人”的每个人；同时，她吃饭给她戒指后，吹嘘结婚，夫人Hill和两个女佣。
“Well, mamma,” said she, when they were all returned to the breakfast   room, “and what do you think of my husband? Is not he a charming man? I am   sure my sisters must all envy me. I only hope they may have half my good   luck. They must all go to Brighton. That is the place to get husbands.   What a pity it is, mamma, we did not all go.”
“好吧，妈妈，”当他们都回到早餐室时，她说，“你觉得我丈夫怎么样？他不是一个迷人的男人吗？我相信我的姐妹们一定都羡慕我。我只希望他们有一半的好运气。他们都必须去布赖顿。那是找丈夫的地方。真遗憾，妈妈，我们都没去。”
“Very true; and if I had my will, we should. But my dear Lydia, I don’t at   all like your going such a way off. Must it be so?”
“非常正确，如果我有我的意愿，我们应该。但是我亲爱的丽迪雅，我一点也不喜欢你走这么远的路。一定是这样吗？“
“Oh, lord! yes;—there is nothing in that. I shall like it of all   things. You and papa, and my sisters, must come down and see us. We shall   be at Newcastle all the winter, and I dare say there will be some balls,   and I will take care to get good partners for them all.”
“哦，上帝！是的，里面什么也没有。我喜欢所有的东西。你和爸爸，还有我的姐妹们，一定要来看我们。整个冬天我们都在纽卡斯尔，我敢说一定会有一些球，我会照顾好他们的。
“I should like it beyond anything!” said her mother.
“我想超越一切。”！她母亲说。
“And then when you go away, you may leave one or two of my sisters behind   you; and I dare say I shall get husbands for them before the winter is   over.”
“等你走了，你可以把一两个妹妹留在你身后，我敢说，在冬天结束之前，我会为他们找到丈夫的。”
“I thank you for my share of the favour,” said Elizabeth; “but I do not   particularly like your way of getting husbands.”
伊丽莎白说：“我感谢你帮了我的忙，但我不太喜欢你做丈夫的方式。”
Their visitors were not to remain above ten days with them. Mr. Wickham   had received his commission before he left London, and he was to join his   regiment at the end of a fortnight.
他们的来访者不能和他们呆在一起十天以上。威克姆先生在离开伦敦之前就得到了委任状，他将在两周结束后加入他的军团。
No one but Mrs. Bennet regretted that their stay would be so short; and   she made the most of the time by visiting about with her daughter, and   having very frequent parties at home. These parties were acceptable to   all; to avoid a family circle was even more desirable to such as did   think, than such as did not.
除了Bennet太太，没有人后悔他们的逗留如此短暂，她充分利用了时间和女儿一起参观，在家里举行了频繁的聚会。这些政党都是可以接受的；为了避免家庭圈子的出现，人们更愿意这样做。
Wickham’s affection for Lydia was just what Elizabeth had expected to find   it; not equal to Lydia’s for him. She had scarcely needed her present   observation to be satisfied, from the reason of things, that their   elopement had been brought on by the strength of her love, rather than by   his; and she would have wondered why, without violently caring for her, he   chose to elope with her at all, had she not felt certain that his flight   was rendered necessary by distress of circumstances; and if that were the   case, he was not the young man to resist an opportunity of having a   companion.
威克姆对丽迪雅的爱正是伊丽莎白所期望的，并不等于丽迪雅的爱。她不需要她现在的观察是满意的，从事物的原因，他们的私奔已经对她的爱情的力量带来的，而不是他；她也不知道为什么，没有粗暴地照顾她，他选择了和她私奔时，她不确信他的飞行是不必要的情况下提供；如果是那样的话，他是不抵抗的同伴一个机会的年轻人。
Lydia was exceedingly fond of him. He was her dear Wickham on every   occasion; no one was to be put in competition with him. He did every thing   best in the world; and she was sure he would kill more birds on the first   of September, than any body else in the country.
丽迪雅非常喜欢他。他在任何场合都是她亲爱的威克姆，没有人会和他竞争。他做了世界上最好的事情；她确信九月一日他会杀死更多的鸟，比这个国家的任何其他人都要多。
One morning, soon after their arrival, as she was sitting with her two   elder sisters, she said to Elizabeth:
一天早上，他们刚到，她和两个姐姐坐在一起，她对伊丽莎白说：
“Lizzy, I never gave you an account of my wedding, I believe. You   were not by, when I told mamma and the others all about it. Are not you   curious to hear how it was managed?”
“Lizzy，我从来没有给你我的婚礼，我相信。当我告诉妈妈和其他人的时候，你不在身边。你不想知道它是如何被管理的吗？“
“No really,” replied Elizabeth; “I think there cannot be too little said   on the subject.”
“不，真的，”伊丽莎白回答说，“我认为在这个问题上不能说得太少。”
“La! You are so strange! But I must tell you how it went off. We were   married, you know, at St. Clement’s, because Wickham’s lodgings were in   that parish. And it was settled that we should all be there by eleven   o’clock. My uncle and aunt and I were to go together; and the others were   to meet us at the church. Well, Monday morning came, and I was in such a   fuss! I was so afraid, you know, that something would happen to put it   off, and then I should have gone quite distracted. And there was my aunt,   all the time I was dressing, preaching and talking away just as if she was   reading a sermon. However, I did not hear above one word in ten, for I was   thinking, you may suppose, of my dear Wickham. I longed to know whether he   would be married in his blue coat.”
“香格里拉！你真奇怪！但我必须告诉你事情是怎么发生的。我们结婚了，你知道，在圣克莱门特，因为威克姆的寓所在那个教区。我们都应该在十一点之前赶到那里。我叔叔、婶婶和我要一起去，其他人要去教堂接我们。嗯，星期一早上来了，我真是大惊小怪！我很害怕，你知道，有些事情会推迟，然后我就会心烦意乱。还有我的姑妈，我一直在穿衣服，说教和说话，就像她在读布道。然而，我没有听到十个以上的一个字，因为我在想，亲爱的威克姆。我很想知道他是否会穿上蓝色外套结婚。”
“Well, and so we breakfasted at ten as usual; I thought it would never be   over; for, by the bye, you are to understand, that my uncle and aunt were   horrid unpleasant all the time I was with them. If you’ll believe me, I   did not once put my foot out of doors, though I was there a fortnight. Not   one party, or scheme, or anything. To be sure London was rather thin, but,   however, the Little Theatre was open. Well, and so just as the carriage   came to the door, my uncle was called away upon business to that horrid   man Mr. Stone. And then, you know, when once they get together, there is   no end of it. Well, I was so frightened I did not know what to do, for my   uncle was to give me away; and if we were beyond the hour, we could not be   married all day. But, luckily, he came back again in ten minutes’ time,   and then we all set out. However, I recollected afterwards that if he had   been prevented going, the wedding need not be put off, for Mr. Darcy might   have done as well.”
“嗯，所以我们早餐通常在十；我以为它永远不会结束；，顺便说一句，你要明白，我的叔叔和婶婶很可怕的不愉快所有的时间，我与他们。如果你相信我，尽管我在那里呆了两个星期，但我一次也没出门。不是一个党派，或者计划，或者什么。可以肯定的是，伦敦相当薄，但是，小剧院是开放的。就这样，正当马车来到门口时，我叔叔被打电话给那个可怕的人Stone先生。然后，你知道，一旦他们聚在一起，就没有尽头了。嗯，我太害怕了，我不知道该怎么办，因为我叔叔要把我带走，如果我们超过了一小时，我们就不能整天结婚了。但幸运的是，他十分钟后又回来了，然后我们就出发了。然而，我事后回想起来，如果他被阻止了，婚礼就不必推迟了，因为达西先生可能也会去。
“Mr. Darcy!” repeated Elizabeth, in utter amazement.
“达西先生！伊丽莎白惊愕地重复道。
“Oh, yes!—he was to come there with Wickham, you know. But gracious   me! I quite forgot! I ought not to have said a word about it. I promised   them so faithfully! What will Wickham say? It was to be such a secret!”
“哦，是的！-他要和威克姆一起去，你知道吗？。但仁慈的我！我完全忘了！我本不该说一句话的。我对他们如此忠诚！威克姆会怎么说？这将是这样一个秘密！“
“If it was to be secret,” said Jane, “say not another word on the subject.   You may depend upon my seeking no further.”
“如果这是秘密的话，”简说，“别再谈这个问题了。你可以放心，我不会再找了。”
“Oh! certainly,” said Elizabeth, though burning with curiosity; “we will   ask you no questions.”
“哦！“当然可以，”伊丽莎白好奇地说，“我们不会问你任何问题的。”
“Thank you,” said Lydia, “for if you did, I should certainly tell you all,   and then Wickham would be angry.”
“谢谢你，”丽迪雅说，“如果你这样做了，我当然会告诉你所有的，然后威克姆会生气的。”
On such encouragement to ask, Elizabeth was forced to put it out of her   power, by running away.
在这样的鼓励下，伊丽莎白被迫放弃了她的权力，逃跑了。
But to live in ignorance on such a point was impossible; or at least it   was impossible not to try for information. Mr. Darcy had been at her   sister’s wedding. It was exactly a scene, and exactly among people, where   he had apparently least to do, and least temptation to go. Conjectures as   to the meaning of it, rapid and wild, hurried into her brain; but she was   satisfied with none. Those that best pleased her, as placing his conduct   in the noblest light, seemed most improbable. She could not bear such   suspense; and hastily seizing a sheet of paper, wrote a short letter to   her aunt, to request an explanation of what Lydia had dropt, if it were   compatible with the secrecy which had been intended.
但是，无知地生活在这一点上是不可能的，或者至少不可能不去获取信息。达西先生参加了她姐姐的婚礼。这完全是一场戏，正是在人们看来，他显然是最不愿意做的，而且是最不愿意去的。对它的含义的猜测，迅速而狂野，匆匆地进入她的大脑，但她对任何东西都不满意。那些使她最高兴的人，把他的行为置于最高贵的光芒中，似乎是最不可能的。她不能忍受这样的悬念；急忙拿起一张纸，写了一封信给她阿姨的一封短信，要求解释丽迪雅所放，如果是，本来都是保密的兼容。
“You may readily comprehend,” she added, “what my curiosity must be to   know how a person unconnected with any of us, and (comparatively speaking)   a stranger to our family, should have been amongst you at such a time.   Pray write instantly, and let me understand it—unless it is, for   very cogent reasons, to remain in the secrecy which Lydia seems to think   necessary; and then I must endeavour to be satisfied with ignorance.”
“你可能很容易理解，”她补充说，“我的好奇心必须是知道一个与我们任何人无关的人，或者（相对来说）对我们家的陌生人，应该在这样的时间里和你在一起。请立即写信，让我理解，除非是出于非常有说服力的理由，让我继续保持丽迪雅认为必要的秘密；然后我必须努力满足无知。”
“Not that I shall, though,” she added to herself, as she finished   the letter; “and my dear aunt, if you do not tell me in an honourable   manner, I shall certainly be reduced to tricks and stratagems to find it   out.”
“不，我要的，不过，”她又对自己说，当她写完信；“亲爱的舅母，如果你不在一个体面的方式告诉我，我肯定会减少的技巧和策略来找到它。”
Jane’s delicate sense of honour would not allow her to speak to Elizabeth   privately of what Lydia had let fall; Elizabeth was glad of it;—till   it appeared whether her inquiries would receive any satisfaction, she had   rather be without a confidante.
简的微妙的荣誉感不允许她跟伊丽莎白私下对丽迪雅所透露的；伊丽莎白是高兴；直到它出现她询问是否会接受任何满意，她宁愿没有红颜知己。
Chapter 52
52章
Elizabeth had the satisfaction of receiving an answer to her letter as   soon as she possibly could. She was no sooner in possession of it than,   hurrying into the little copse, where she was least likely to be   interrupted, she sat down on one of the benches and prepared to be happy;   for the length of the letter convinced her that it did not contain a   denial.
伊丽莎白很满意她尽快收到她的信的答复。她刚拥有它，跑到小树林里，在那里她是最不可能被打断，她坐在一个长凳上准备是幸福的；对于这封信的长度使她相信，它不包含否定。
“Gracechurch street, Sept. 6.
“天恩寺街，月6日。
“MY DEAR NIECE,
“我亲爱的侄女，
“I have just received your letter, and shall devote this whole morning to   answering it, as I foresee that a little writing will not comprise   what I have to tell you. I must confess myself surprised by your   application; I did not expect it from you. Don’t think me angry,   however, for I only mean to let you know that I had not imagined such   inquiries to be necessary on your side. If you do not choose to   understand me, forgive my impertinence. Your uncle is as much surprised as   I am—and nothing but the belief of your being a party concerned   would have allowed him to act as he has done. But if you are really   innocent and ignorant, I must be more explicit.
“我刚刚收到你的信，我会用整个上午来回答你的问题，因为我预见到一点文字不会包含我要告诉你的内容。”。我必须承认我对你的申请感到惊讶；我没有从你那里得到它。不过，别以为我生气，因为我只是想让你知道，我没有想到你需要这样的调查。如果你不选择去理解我，原谅我的无礼。你叔叔和我一样惊讶，除了相信你是一个政党，否则他就不会像他那样做了。但是，如果你真的无知无知，我必须更加明确。
“On the very day of my coming home from Longbourn, your uncle had a most   unexpected visitor. Mr. Darcy called, and was shut up with him several   hours. It was all over before I arrived; so my curiosity was not so   dreadfully racked as yours seems to have been. He came to tell Mr.   Gardiner that he had found out where your sister and Mr. Wickham were, and   that he had seen and talked with them both; Wickham repeatedly, Lydia   once. From what I can collect, he left Derbyshire only one day after   ourselves, and came to town with the resolution of hunting for them. The   motive professed was his conviction of its being owing to himself that   Wickham’s worthlessness had not been so well known as to make it   impossible for any young woman of character to love or confide in him. He   generously imputed the whole to his mistaken pride, and confessed that he   had before thought it beneath him to lay his private actions open to the   world. His character was to speak for itself. He called it, therefore, his   duty to step forward, and endeavour to remedy an evil which had been   brought on by himself. If he had another motive, I am sure it would   never disgrace him. He had been some days in town, before he was able to   discover them; but he had something to direct his search, which was more   than we had; and the consciousness of this was another reason for   his resolving to follow us.
“就在我从Longbourn回家的那一天，你的叔叔有一个意想不到的客人。达西先生打电话来，和他谈了好几个小时。这一切都是在我到达之前；所以我的好奇心不是那么可怕的折磨你似乎已经。他来告诉加德纳先生，他发现了你妹妹和威克姆先生在哪里，而且他已经和他们两个见过面并交谈过；威克姆重复了一遍，丽迪雅一次。从我可以收集，他离开德比郡后仅一天，自己，来对他们狩猎的城里。动机自称是他的信念，它是由于自己的无能，威克姆没有已知的使它不可能为任何年轻女子性格爱或信赖他。他慷慨地把整个错误归咎于他错误的傲慢，并承认他以前认为自己不可能把自己的私人行为公开给世界。他的性格就是为自己说话。因此，他呼吁他有责任向前迈进，并努力补救自己带来的灾祸。如果他有别的动机，我敢肯定这不会使他丢脸。他在镇上待了几天，才发现了这些东西，但他有一些东西可以指导他的搜索，这比我们想象的还要多，而这种意识是他决心跟随我们的另一个原因。
“There is a lady, it seems, a Mrs. Younge, who was some time ago governess   to Miss Darcy, and was dismissed from her charge on some cause of   disapprobation, though he did not say what. She then took a large house in   Edward-street, and has since maintained herself by letting lodgings. This   Mrs. Younge was, he knew, intimately acquainted with Wickham; and he went   to her for intelligence of him as soon as he got to town. But it was two   or three days before he could get from her what he wanted. She would not   betray her trust, I suppose, without bribery and corruption, for she   really did know where her friend was to be found. Wickham indeed had gone   to her on their first arrival in London, and had she been able to receive   them into her house, they would have taken up their abode with her. At   length, however, our kind friend procured the wished-for direction. They   were in —— street. He saw Wickham, and afterwards insisted on   seeing Lydia. His first object with her, he acknowledged, had been to   persuade her to quit her present disgraceful situation, and return to her   friends as soon as they could be prevailed on to receive her, offering his   assistance, as far as it would go. But he found Lydia absolutely resolved   on remaining where she was. She cared for none of her friends; she wanted   no help of his; she would not hear of leaving Wickham. She was sure they   should be married some time or other, and it did not much signify when.   Since such were her feelings, it only remained, he thought, to secure and   expedite a marriage, which, in his very first conversation with Wickham,   he easily learnt had never been his design. He confessed himself   obliged to leave the regiment, on account of some debts of honour, which   were very pressing; and scrupled not to lay all the ill-consequences of   Lydia’s flight on her own folly alone. He meant to resign his commission   immediately; and as to his future situation, he could conjecture very   little about it. He must go somewhere, but he did not know where, and he   knew he should have nothing to live on.
“有一位女士，看来，Younge夫人，谁是前一段时间的家庭教师达西小姐被解雇了负责一些引起非难，但他并没有说什么。然后她拿了一个大的房子在爱德华街，一直保持自己让住宿。他知道这是Younge太太，，熟悉威克姆；他来到她的智慧他等他赶到镇。但在他得到他想要的东西前两、三天。我想她不会辜负她的信任，没有贿赂和腐败，因为她真的知道她的朋友在哪里被找到。威克姆第一次到伦敦时，确实去了她那里，如果她能把他们接到她家里，他们就会和她一起住了。然而，我们的好朋友终于得到了方向的愿望。他们在街上。他看见了威克姆，后来坚持要去见丽迪雅。他承认，他的第一个目标是说服她放弃目前的可耻局面，一旦能说服她接受她的帮助，尽可能地回到她身边，就回到她的朋友身边。但是他发现丽迪雅完全决定留在她所在的地方。她对她的朋友一点也不关心，她不想帮助他，她不想离开威克姆。她确信他们应该在某个时候结婚，但这并不意味着什么时候结婚。他想，既然是这样的感情，他只想维持和加速一段婚姻，在他和威克姆的第一次谈话中，他很容易地学会了从来不是他的设计。他承认自己被迫离开该团，对赌债的帐户，这是非常紧迫的；和迟疑不把所有的不良后果，丽迪雅的飞行完全归罪于她自己的愚蠢。他打算立即辞去他的职务；至于他将来的处境，他几乎不能推测。他必须到某个地方去，但他不知道在哪儿，他知道他没有什么可活的。
“Mr. Darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once. Though   Mr. Bennet was not imagined to be very rich, he would have been able to do   something for him, and his situation must have been benefited by marriage.   But he found, in reply to this question, that Wickham still cherished the   hope of more effectually making his fortune by marriage in some other   country. Under such circumstances, however, he was not likely to be proof   against the temptation of immediate relief.
达西先生问他为什么没有马上娶了你妹妹。虽然Bennet先生想象不到很富有，但他能够为他做点什么，他的处境一定是得益于婚姻。但他在回答这个问题时发现，威克姆仍然怀有在别的国家更有效地靠婚姻发财的希望。然而，在这种情况下，他不可能成为立即摆脱困境的证据。
“They met several times, for there was much to be discussed. Wickham of   course wanted more than he could get; but at length was reduced to be   reasonable.
他们会面了好几次，因为有很多事情要讨论。威克姆当然想得到比他所能得到的更多的东西，但最终还是被认为是合理的。
“Every thing being settled between them, Mr. Darcy’s next step was   to make your uncle acquainted with it, and he first called in Gracechurch   street the evening before I came home. But Mr. Gardiner could not be seen,   and Mr. Darcy found, on further inquiry, that your father was still with   him, but would quit town the next morning. He did not judge your father to   be a person whom he could so properly consult as your uncle, and therefore   readily postponed seeing him till after the departure of the former. He   did not leave his name, and till the next day it was only known that a   gentleman had called on business.
“每件事物被解决了他们之间，达西先生的下一步是让你的叔叔认识，他第一次打电话到天恩寺街我回家的前一天晚上。但是加德纳先生看不见，达西先生在进一步的调查中发现，你父亲和他在一起，但第二天早上他就要离开镇上了。他并没有把你的父亲定为一个他可以很好地作为你叔叔商量的人，因此他很容易地推迟到他离开前见他。他没有留下他的名字，直到第二天他才知道有一位先生来拜访他。
“On Saturday he came again. Your father was gone, your uncle at home, and,   as I said before, they had a great deal of talk together.
“星期六他又来了。你父亲走了，你叔叔在家，正如我以前说的，他们在一起谈了很多话。
“They met again on Sunday, and then I saw him too. It was not all   settled before Monday: as soon as it was, the express was sent off to   Longbourn. But our visitor was very obstinate. I fancy, Lizzy, that   obstinacy is the real defect of his character, after all. He has been   accused of many faults at different times, but this is the true   one. Nothing was to be done that he did not do himself; though I am sure   (and I do not speak it to be thanked, therefore say nothing about it),   your uncle would most readily have settled the whole.
“他们星期日又见面了，然后我也看见了他。这是不是所有入驻前星期一：一旦，快递被送到Longbourn。但是我们的客人很固执。我想，Lizzy，固执是他性格的缺陷，毕竟。他在不同时期被指责有许多错误，但这是真的。他自己没有做什么事，尽管我敢肯定（我不想说这句话，但我不说了），你叔叔会很容易地解决整个问题。
“They battled it together for a long time, which was more than either the   gentleman or lady concerned in it deserved. But at last your uncle was   forced to yield, and instead of being allowed to be of use to his niece,   was forced to put up with only having the probable credit of it, which   went sorely against the grain; and I really believe your letter this   morning gave him great pleasure, because it required an explanation that   would rob him of his borrowed feathers, and give the praise where it was   due. But, Lizzy, this must go no farther than yourself, or Jane at most.
“他们在一起战斗了很长时间，这比这位先生或女士更值得。但最后你叔叔被迫屈服，非但不能使用他的侄女，被迫忍受着只有它可能的信用，这就非常格格不入；我真的相信你的信今天早上给了他极大的快乐，因为它需要一个解释，剥夺他借来的羽毛，并给予好评，这是由于。但是，Lizzy，这要比你自己，或是简在最。
“You know pretty well, I suppose, what has been done for the young people.   His debts are to be paid, amounting, I believe, to considerably more than   a thousand pounds, another thousand in addition to her own settled upon her,   and his commission purchased. The reason why all this was to be done by   him alone, was such as I have given above. It was owing to him, to his   reserve and want of proper consideration, that Wickham’s character had   been so misunderstood, and consequently that he had been received and   noticed as he was. Perhaps there was some truth in this; though I   doubt whether his reserve, or anybody’s reserve, can be   answerable for the event. But in spite of all this fine talking, my dear   Lizzy, you may rest perfectly assured that your uncle would never have   yielded, if we had not given him credit for another interest in the   affair.
“我想，你对年轻人所做的一切都知道得很清楚。”。我想，他的债务要付，相当于超过一千英镑，另外一千美元，除了她自己的，还有他的佣金。所有这些都是由他独自完成的，就像我上面所说的。这是由于他，由于他的保留和适当的考虑，威克姆的性格已经被误解，因此，他已经收到和注意到，因为他是。也许有一些道理；虽然我怀疑他的储备，或任何人的储备，可以应对事件。但在这一切都好虽然说，我亲爱的Lizzy，你可以完全放心，其余你叔叔就不会产生，如果我们没有给他这件事中的另一个利益信用。
“When all this was resolved on, he returned again to his friends, who were   still staying at Pemberley; but it was agreed that he should be in London   once more when the wedding took place, and all money matters were then to   receive the last finish.
“当这一切都解决了，他又回到了他的朋友，谁还呆在彭伯里的；但这是认为他应该在伦敦再次结婚的时候发生的，和所有的钱的问题然后接受最后的完成。
“I believe I have now told you every thing. It is a relation which you   tell me is to give you great surprise; I hope at least it will not afford   you any displeasure. Lydia came to us; and Wickham had constant admission   to the house. He was exactly what he had been, when I knew him in   Hertfordshire; but I would not tell you how little I was satisfied with   her behaviour while she staid with us, if I had not perceived, by Jane’s   letter last Wednesday, that her conduct on coming home was exactly of a   piece with it, and therefore what I now tell you can give you no fresh   pain. I talked to her repeatedly in the most serious manner, representing   to her all the wickedness of what she had done, and all the unhappiness   she had brought on her family. If she heard me, it was by good luck, for I   am sure she did not listen. I was sometimes quite provoked, but then I   recollected my dear Elizabeth and Jane, and for their sakes had patience   with her.
“我相信我现在已经告诉你每件事了。这是一个关系，你告诉我是给你很大的惊喜，我希望至少不会给你任何不满。丽迪雅到我们这里来，威克姆不断地进了那所房子。他就是他，我知道他在赫特福德郡；但我不会告诉你我多么不满意她的行为，她沉静的我们，如果我没有察觉，在简的信上星期三，她的行为在回家正是一片，因此我现在告诉你，不能给你任何新的痛苦。我用最严肃的态度反复跟她说话，向她表示她所做的一切邪恶，以及她带给家人的种种不快。如果她听到我的话，那是因为运气好，因为我肯定她不听。我有时真的很烦，但后来我想起了我亲爱的伊丽莎白和简，为他们的缘故，她有耐心。
“Mr. Darcy was punctual in his return, and as Lydia informed you, attended   the wedding. He dined with us the next day, and was to leave town again on   Wednesday or Thursday. Will you be very angry with me, my dear Lizzy, if I   take this opportunity of saying (what I was never bold enough to say   before) how much I like him. His behaviour to us has, in every respect,   been as pleasing as when we were in Derbyshire. His understanding and   opinions all please me; he wants nothing but a little more liveliness, and   that, if he marry prudently, his wife may teach him. I   thought him very sly;—he hardly ever mentioned your name. But   slyness seems the fashion.
达西先生准时回来，正如丽迪雅告诉你的那样，他参加了婚礼。第二天他和我们一起吃饭，星期三或星期四又离开了镇子。你会很生我的气，我亲爱的Lizzy，如果我借此机会说（我以前一直没有敢这样说）我是多么喜欢他。他对待我们的态度，在各方面都是请我们在Derbyshire的时候。他的理解和意见都使我高兴；他只想要一点活力，如果他谨慎地结婚，他的妻子可能会教他。我认为他很狡猾，他几乎从不提起你的名字。但狡猾似乎时尚。
“Pray forgive me if I have been very presuming, or at least do not punish   me so far as to exclude me from P. I shall never be quite happy till I   have been all round the park. A low phaeton, with a nice little pair of   ponies, would be the very thing.
“请原谅我，如果我一直很放肆，至少不要惩罚我，就把我从P.我也不许我一直围着公园。低的辉腾，与小马漂亮的小对，就。
“But I must write no more. The children have been wanting me this half   hour.
“但我不能再写了。孩子们已经等了我半个小时了。
“Yours, very sincerely,
“你的，非常真诚的，
“M. GARDINER.”
“M. GARDINER。”
The contents of this letter threw Elizabeth into a flutter of spirits, in   which it was difficult to determine whether pleasure or pain bore the   greatest share. The vague and unsettled suspicions which uncertainty had   produced of what Mr. Darcy might have been doing to forward her sister’s   match, which she had feared to encourage as an exertion of goodness too   great to be probable, and at the same time dreaded to be just, from the   pain of obligation, were proved beyond their greatest extent to be true!   He had followed them purposely to town, he had taken on himself all the   trouble and mortification attendant on such a research; in which   supplication had been necessary to a woman whom he must abominate and   despise, and where he was reduced to meet, frequently meet, reason with,   persuade, and finally bribe, the man whom he always most wished to avoid,   and whose very name it was punishment to him to pronounce. He had done all   this for a girl whom he could neither regard nor esteem. Her heart did   whisper that he had done it for her. But it was a hope shortly checked by   other considerations, and she soon felt that even her vanity was   insufficient, when required to depend on his affection for her—for a   woman who had already refused him—as able to overcome a sentiment so   natural as abhorrence against relationship with Wickham. Brother-in-law of   Wickham! Every kind of pride must revolt from the connection. He had, to   be sure, done much. She was ashamed to think how much. But he had given a   reason for his interference, which asked no extraordinary stretch of   belief. It was reasonable that he should feel he had been wrong; he had   liberality, and he had the means of exercising it; and though she would   not place herself as his principal inducement, she could, perhaps, believe   that remaining partiality for her might assist his endeavours in a cause   where her peace of mind must be materially concerned. It was painful,   exceedingly painful, to know that they were under obligations to a person   who could never receive a return. They owed the restoration of Lydia, her   character, every thing, to him. Oh! how heartily did she grieve over every   ungracious sensation she had ever encouraged, every saucy speech she had   ever directed towards him. For herself she was humbled; but she was proud   of him. Proud that in a cause of compassion and honour, he had been able   to get the better of himself. She read over her aunt’s commendation of him   again and again. It was hardly enough; but it pleased her. She was even   sensible of some pleasure, though mixed with regret, on finding how   steadfastly both she and her uncle had been persuaded that affection and   confidence subsisted between Mr. Darcy and herself.
这封信的内容使伊丽莎白情绪激动，难以确定是快乐还是痛苦占据了最大的份额。模糊和不安的怀疑，不确定性产生了什么达西先生可能已经做了她姐姐的比赛，她怕鼓励善太大可能的发挥，并在同一时间，可怕的是，从义务的痛苦，被证明超出其最大程度是真的！他跟着他们故意去镇上的时候，他把自己所有的烦恼和屈辱来探索；在他不得不向一个女人他要憎恨和鄙视，而他减少见面，常常见面，说服，说服，最后贿赂，他总是最想避开的人，而且连名字也惩罚他发音。他为一个他既不尊敬也不尊敬的姑娘做了这一切。她心里嘀咕说他为她做了这件事。但这是一个希望的其他考虑不久检查，她很快就感觉到，她的虚荣心是不够的，当需要取决于他对她的感情，一个女人已经拒绝了他能够克服感情如此自然厌恶反对与威克姆的关系。威克姆兄弟！每一种骄傲都必须从这种关系中反叛出来。他确实做了很多事。她羞于想多少钱。但他给出了干涉的理由，这并没有特别的信仰。他觉得他错了，这是合理的；他慷慨，他有行使它的手段；虽然她不愿意把自己作为自己的主要诱因，她可能，也许，相信存着可能帮助他的努力会让她安心必须严重关注。知道他们欠了一个永远得不到回报的人的责任，真是痛苦极了。他们把丽迪雅、她的性格、一切都归功于他。哦!她是多么热烈地哀悼她曾鼓励每一个粗俗的感觉，她曾经对他每一个俏皮的言语。她为她感到谦卑，但她为他感到骄傲。他为同情和荣誉而自豪，他已经能够战胜自己了。她一遍又一遍地读她姨妈对他的赞扬。这还不够，但这使她很高兴。她是快乐甚至是明智的，虽然夹杂着遗憾，在寻找如何她和她叔叔都曾相信爱和信任存在，达西先生和自己之间。
She was roused from her seat, and her reflections, by some one’s approach;   and before she could strike into another path, she was overtaken by   Wickham.
她从座位上被人惊醒，用一个人的方法反射过来，在她走到另一条路之前，她被威克姆追上了。
“I am afraid I interrupt your solitary ramble, my dear sister?” said he,   as he joined her.
“恐怕我打扰你孤独的漫步，我亲爱的姐姐？”当他加入她的时候，他说。
“You certainly do,” she replied with a smile; “but it does not follow that   the interruption must be unwelcome.”
“你当然愿意，”她微笑着回答，“但这并不意味着打断别人的话是不受欢迎的。”
“I should be sorry indeed, if it were. We were always good friends; and   now we are better.”
“如果真是这样的话，我会感到遗憾的。”。我们一直是好朋友，现在我们好多了。”
“True. Are the others coming out?”
“真正的。其他人出来了吗？“
“I do not know. Mrs. Bennet and Lydia are going in the carriage to   Meryton. And so, my dear sister, I find, from our uncle and aunt, that you   have actually seen Pemberley.”
“我不知道。”。Bennet夫人和丽迪雅乘着马车到麦里屯。所以，我亲爱的妹妹，我发现，我的叔叔和婶婶，你见过Pemberley。”
She replied in the affirmative.
她肯定地回答。
“I almost envy you the pleasure, and yet I believe it would be too much   for me, or else I could take it in my way to Newcastle. And you saw the   old housekeeper, I suppose? Poor Reynolds, she was always very fond of me.   But of course she did not mention my name to you.”
“我几乎羡慕你的乐趣，但我认为这对我来说太过分了，否则我可以带它去纽卡斯尔。”。我想你见过那个老管家吧？可怜的雷诺兹，她总是很喜欢我。但她当然没有向你提起我的名字。”
“Yes, she did.”
“是的，她做到了。”
“And what did she say?”
“她说什么了？“
“That you were gone into the army, and she was afraid had—not turned   out well. At such a distance as that, you know, things are   strangely misrepresented.”
“你到军队去了，她怕还没好呢。”。在这样的距离，你知道的，事情是奇怪的歪曲。”
“Certainly,” he replied, biting his lips. Elizabeth hoped she had silenced   him; but he soon afterwards said:
“当然可以，”他咬着嘴唇回答说。伊丽莎白希望她能使他安静下来，但不久他就说了：
“I was surprised to see Darcy in town last month. We passed each other   several times. I wonder what he can be doing there.”
“上个月在城里见到达西我很吃惊。我们相处了好几次。我想知道他在那里干什么。”
“Perhaps preparing for his marriage with Miss de Bourgh,” said Elizabeth.   “It must be something particular, to take him there at this time of year.”
“或许是准备和de Bourgh小姐结婚了，”伊丽莎白说。“在每年的这个时候带他去那里一定是件特别的事。”
“Undoubtedly. Did you see him while you were at Lambton? I thought I   understood from the Gardiners that you had.”
“毫无疑问。你在Lambton见他？我想我知道嘉丁纳夫妇就是你的了。”
“Yes; he introduced us to his sister.”
“是的，他把我们介绍给了他的妹妹。”
“And do you like her?”
“你喜欢她吗？”“
“Very much.”
“非常喜欢。”
“I have heard, indeed, that she is uncommonly improved within this year or   two. When I last saw her, she was not very promising. I am very glad you   liked her. I hope she will turn out well.”
“我听说，的确，她是罕见的改进这一两年内。我上次见到她时，她不是很有前途。我很高兴你喜欢她。我希望她会好起来。”
“I dare say she will; she has got over the most trying age.”
“我敢说她会的，她已经度过了最艰难的时期。”
“Did you go by the village of Kympton?”
“你去Kympton村吗？“
“I do not recollect that we did.”
“我不记得是我们干的。”
“I mention it, because it is the living which I ought to have had. A most   delightful place!—Excellent Parsonage House! It would have suited me   in every respect.”
“我提到这件事，因为这是我应该有的生活。最令人愉快的地方！优秀的牧师的房子！这在每个方面都适合我。”
“How should you have liked making sermons?”
“你怎么会喜欢讲道呢？“
“Exceedingly well. I should have considered it as part of my duty, and the   exertion would soon have been nothing. One ought not to repine;—but,   to be sure, it would have been such a thing for me! The quiet, the   retirement of such a life would have answered all my ideas of happiness!   But it was not to be. Did you ever hear Darcy mention the circumstance,   when you were in Kent?”
“非常好。我本应该把它看作是我职责的一部分，而这种努力很快就会变得毫无意义。一个人不应该后悔；但是，可以肯定的是，这的确是我的一件事！宁静、退休的生活将回答我所有的幸福想法！但事实并非如此。你在Kent时听说过达西提到过这种情况吗？“
“I have heard from authority, which I thought as good, that it was   left you conditionally only, and at the will of the present patron.”
“我听过权威的消息，我认为它是有条件的，只不过是根据现在的赞助人的意愿而留下的。”
“You have. Yes, there was something in that; I told you so from the   first, you may remember.”
“你有。是的，里面有一些东西，我从一开始就告诉过你，你可能记得。
“I did hear, too, that there was a time, when sermon-making was not   so palatable to you as it seems to be at present; that you actually   declared your resolution of never taking orders, and that the business had   been compromised accordingly.”
“我也确实听说过，有一段时间，讲道对你来说并不像现在看起来那么愉快，你实际上宣布了你从不服从命令的决定，而且生意也因此受到了损害。”
“You did! and it was not wholly without foundation. You may remember what   I told you on that point, when first we talked of it.”
“你做到了！这并不是完全没有根据的。你可能还记得我告诉你的那一点，当我们第一次谈到它的时候。
They were now almost at the door of the house, for she had walked fast to   get rid of him; and unwilling, for her sister’s sake, to provoke him, she   only said in reply, with a good-humoured smile:
他们现在几乎在房子的门，她走得很快摆脱他；与不甘，为她妹妹的缘故，惹了他，她只回答说，带着和善的微笑：
“Come, Mr. Wickham, we are brother and sister, you know. Do not let us   quarrel about the past. In future, I hope we shall be always of one mind.”
“来吧，威克姆先生，我们是兄妹，你知道吗？”。不要让我们为过去争吵。今后，我希望我们永远万众一心。”
She held out her hand; he kissed it with affectionate gallantry, though he   hardly knew how to look, and they entered the house.
她伸出她的手；他亲切而殷勤地吻了一下，虽然他不知道怎么看，他们进入房子。
Chapter 53
53章
Mr. Wickham was so perfectly satisfied with this conversation that he   never again distressed himself, or provoked his dear sister Elizabeth, by   introducing the subject of it; and she was pleased to find that she had   said enough to keep him quiet.
威克姆先生对这番谈话非常满意，他再也不让自己的妹妹伊丽莎白感到苦恼了，也没有提起这件事，她很高兴地发现她说得够多了，使他安静下来。
The day of his and Lydia’s departure soon came, and Mrs. Bennet was forced   to submit to a separation, which, as her husband by no means entered into   her scheme of their all going to Newcastle, was likely to continue at   least a twelvemonth.
他和丽迪雅离开的那一天很快来了，Bennet夫人被迫屈服于分离，而她的丈夫没有进入她自己的所有去纽卡斯尔的计划，可能至少持续一年。
“Oh! my dear Lydia,” she cried, “when shall we meet again?”
“哦！“我亲爱的丽迪雅，”她叫道，“我们什么时候再见面？”“
“Oh, lord! I don’t know. Not these two or three years, perhaps.”
“哦，上帝！我不知道。也许不是这两年或三年。”
“Write to me very often, my dear.”
“经常写信给我，亲爱的。”
“As often as I can. But you know married women have never much time for   writing. My sisters may write to me. They will have nothing else to   do.”
“尽我所能。但你知道已婚妇女没有多少时间写作。我的姐妹们可以写信给我。他们将无事可干。”
Mr. Wickham’s adieus were much more affectionate than his wife’s. He   smiled, looked handsome, and said many pretty things.
威克姆先生的告别比他的妻子。他笑了笑，更亲切更显得英俊，说很多很多漂亮的东西。
“He is as fine a fellow,” said Mr. Bennet, as soon as they were out of the   house, “as ever I saw. He simpers, and smirks, and makes love to us all. I   am prodigiously proud of him. I defy even Sir William Lucas himself to   produce a more valuable son-in-law.”
“他是个很好的家伙，”Bennet先生说，“他们一出门，我就看到了。”。他假笑，和傻笑，让我们所有的爱。我真为他感到莫大的骄傲。我甚至不相信William Lucas爵士自己能培养出一个更有价值的女婿。”
The loss of her daughter made Mrs. Bennet very dull for several days.
失去女儿使Bennet太太好几天都很沮丧。
“I often think,” said she, “that there is nothing so bad as parting with   one’s friends. One seems so forlorn without them.”
“我常想，”她说，“没有什么比和朋友分手更糟糕的了。”。没有它们，人似乎如此孤独。”
“This is the consequence, you see, Madam, of marrying a daughter,” said   Elizabeth. “It must make you better satisfied that your other four are   single.”
“这就是你要娶的女儿的后果，”伊丽莎白说。“这肯定会让你更好地满足于其他四个人都单身。”
“It is no such thing. Lydia does not leave me because she is married, but   only because her husband’s regiment happens to be so far off. If that had   been nearer, she would not have gone so soon.”
“这不是这样的事。丽迪雅并没有离开我，因为她已经结婚了，只是因为她丈夫的团离我们太远了。要是再近一点，她就不会这么快就走了。”
But the spiritless condition which this event threw her into was shortly   relieved, and her mind opened again to the agitation of hope, by an   article of news which then began to be in circulation. The housekeeper at   Netherfield had received orders to prepare for the arrival of her master,   who was coming down in a day or two, to shoot there for several weeks.   Mrs. Bennet was quite in the fidgets. She looked at Jane, and smiled and   shook her head by turns.
但懦弱的条件，这一事件使她很快就放心了，她的心又打开了希望的搅拌，通过新闻，然后开始在流通的一篇文章。Netherfield管家奉命收拾她主人的到来，是谁下来在一天或两天，拍的有几个星期。Bennet太太非常烦躁不安。她看着珍妮，笑了笑，摇了摇头。
“Well, well, and so Mr. Bingley is coming down, sister,” (for Mrs.   Phillips first brought her the news). “Well, so much the better. Not that   I care about it, though. He is nothing to us, you know, and I am sure I   never want to see him again. But, however, he is very welcome to come to   Netherfield, if he likes it. And who knows what may happen? But   that is nothing to us. You know, sister, we agreed long ago never to   mention a word about it. And so, is it quite certain he is coming?”
“好吧，那么宾利先生就要下来了，妹妹，”（因为菲利浦斯太太第一次给她带来了消息）。“嗯，好多了。虽然我不在乎。你知道，他对我们毫无意义，我相信我再也不想见到他了。但是，但是，他是来Netherfield很受欢迎的，如果他喜欢它。谁知道会发生什么事呢？但那对我们毫无意义。你知道吗，姐姐，我们很久以前就同意了，一句话也不提。那么，他肯定会来吗？“
“You may depend on it,” replied the other, “for Mrs. Nicholls was in   Meryton last night; I saw her passing by, and went out myself on purpose   to know the truth of it; and she told me that it was certain true. He   comes down on Thursday at the latest, very likely on Wednesday. She was   going to the butcher’s, she told me, on purpose to order in some meat on   Wednesday, and she has got three couple of ducks just fit to be killed.”
“你放心，”另一个说，“尼科尔斯太太在麦里屯昨晚；我看见她经过，走出了自己的目的，知道它的真相；她告诉我，这是一定的事实。他最迟星期四来，很可能是在星期三。她告诉我，她打算星期三到肉店去买点肉，她有三只鸭子正好可以吃。
Miss Bennet had not been able to hear of his coming without changing   colour. It was many months since she had mentioned his name to Elizabeth;   but now, as soon as they were alone together, she said:
Bennet小姐没有改变肤色就没能听到他的到来。她向伊丽莎白提起他的名字已经好几个月了，但现在，他们一个人在一起时，她说：
“I saw you look at me to-day, Lizzy, when my aunt told us of the present   report; and I know I appeared distressed. But don’t imagine it was from   any silly cause. I was only confused for the moment, because I felt that I   should be looked at. I do assure you that the news does not affect   me either with pleasure or pain. I am glad of one thing, that he comes   alone; because we shall see the less of him. Not that I am afraid of myself,   but I dread other people’s remarks.”
“我看到你看我的今天，Lizzy，当姨母告诉我报告；我知道我看上去很沮丧。但别以为是因为什么愚蠢的原因。我一时感到困惑，因为我觉得我应该被人盯着看。我向你保证，这个消息不会影响我的快乐或痛苦。我感到高兴的是，他一个人来，因为我们将看到他越来越少。不是我怕我自己，而是我害怕别人的评论。”
Elizabeth did not know what to make of it. Had she not seen him in   Derbyshire, she might have supposed him capable of coming there with no   other view than what was acknowledged; but she still thought him partial   to Jane, and she wavered as to the greater probability of his coming there   with his friend’s permission, or being bold enough to come without   it.
伊丽莎白不知道该怎么办。她不是在德比郡见到他，她也许会以为他能够与不是别有用心的到来；但她仍然认为他偏袒简，她动摇了对他的朋友的许可，未来出现的概率较大，或是大胆的没有它。
“Yet it is hard,” she sometimes thought, “that this poor man cannot come   to a house which he has legally hired, without raising all this   speculation! I will leave him to himself.”
“但这很难，”她有时想，“这个可怜的人不能到他合法雇用的房子里去，而不必提出所有这些猜测。”！我会把他留给他自己。”
In spite of what her sister declared, and really believed to be her   feelings in the expectation of his arrival, Elizabeth could easily   perceive that her spirits were affected by it. They were more disturbed,   more unequal, than she had often seen them.
尽管她姐姐宣称，她真的相信她对他到来的期望，但伊丽莎白很容易觉察到她的精神受到了它的影响。他们比她经常看到的更不安，更不平等。
The subject which had been so warmly canvassed between their parents,   about a twelvemonth ago, was now brought forward again.
曾经热烈地争论过他们的父母的问题，大约一年前，已经提出了。
“As soon as ever Mr. Bingley comes, my dear,” said Mrs. Bennet, “you will   wait on him of course.”
Bennet太太说：“亲爱的，宾利先生一到，你就要等他了。”
“No, no. You forced me into visiting him last year, and promised, if I   went to see him, he should marry one of my daughters. But it ended in   nothing, and I will not be sent on a fool’s errand again.”
“不，不，去年你强迫我去拜访他，答应过，如果我去看他，他应该娶我的一个女儿。”。但结果什么都没有，我再也不会被派去做傻事了。”
His wife represented to him how absolutely necessary such an attention   would be from all the neighbouring gentlemen, on his returning to   Netherfield.
他的妻子向他贵人注意将所有邻近的绅士，在他返回Netherfield。
“‘Tis an etiquette I despise,” said he. “If he wants our society, let him   seek it. He knows where we live. I will not spend my hours in running   after my neighbours every time they go away and come back again.”
“这是一种礼仪鄙视我，”他说。“如果他想要我们的社会，就让他去寻找吧。”。他知道我们住在哪里。我不会花我的时间去追我的邻居，每次他们走了再回来。”
“Well, all I know is, that it will be abominably rude if you do not wait   on him. But, however, that shan’t prevent my asking him to dine here, I am   determined. We must have Mrs. Long and the Gouldings soon. That will make   thirteen with ourselves, so there will be just room at table for him.”
“嗯，我知道，这将是非常无礼，如果你不去拜访他。但是，这并不能阻止我请他在这里吃饭，我已经下定决心了。我们必须要有龙夫人和gouldings快。这样我们就可以赚十三英镑了，这样他就有空桌了。”
Consoled by this resolution, she was the better able to bear her husband’s   incivility; though it was very mortifying to know that her neighbours   might all see Mr. Bingley, in consequence of it, before they did.   As the day of his arrival drew near,—
因此决议，她更能忍受丈夫的粗鲁；虽然很痛心的知道，邻居们看到宾利先生，在它的后果，在他们之前。随着他到达的日子越来越近了，—
“I begin to be sorry that he comes at all,” said Jane to her sister. “It   would be nothing; I could see him with perfect indifference, but I can   hardly bear to hear it thus perpetually talked of. My mother means well;   but she does not know, no one can know, how much I suffer from what she   says. Happy shall I be, when his stay at Netherfield is over!”
“我开始后悔他来了，”简对妹妹说。“那没什么，我可以完全冷漠地看着他，但我几乎听不住这么说。”。我母亲说的很好，但她不知道，没人能知道我说的话有多么痛苦。快乐的我，当他在Netherfield结束！“
“I wish I could say anything to comfort you,” replied Elizabeth; “but it   is wholly out of my power. You must feel it; and the usual satisfaction of   preaching patience to a sufferer is denied me, because you have always so   much.”
“我希望我能说点什么来安慰你，”伊丽莎白回答说，“但这完全是我的职责。”。你必须感受到它，而对病人耐心地表达耐心的通常的满足是我拒绝的，因为你总是那么多。
Mr. Bingley arrived. Mrs. Bennet, through the assistance of servants,   contrived to have the earliest tidings of it, that the period of anxiety   and fretfulness on her side might be as long as it could. She counted the   days that must intervene before their invitation could be sent; hopeless   of seeing him before. But on the third morning after his arrival in   Hertfordshire, she saw him, from her dressing-room window, enter the   paddock and ride towards the house.
宾利先生到了。Bennet夫人，在仆人的帮助，才有了最早的消息，焦虑和烦躁不安，在她身边的时间可能只要能。她数着在他们的邀请发出之前必须进行干预的日子。但他来到哈福德郡的第三天早上，她看见了他，从化妆室的窗口，进入围场，骑向房子。
Her daughters were eagerly called to partake of her joy. Jane resolutely   kept her place at the table; but Elizabeth, to satisfy her mother, went to   the window—she looked,—she saw Mr. Darcy with him, and sat   down again by her sister.
她的女儿们急切地打电话来分享她的喜悦。简坚决地坐在桌旁，但为了满足母亲的要求，伊丽莎白走到她看的窗口，她看见达西先生和他坐在一起，她妹妹又坐了下来。
“There is a gentleman with him, mamma,” said Kitty; “who can it be?”
“有一位先生和他在一起，妈妈，”基蒂说，“那是谁呢？“
“Some acquaintance or other, my dear, I suppose; I am sure I do not know.”
“有些熟人，我想，亲爱的，我想我不知道。”
“La!” replied Kitty, “it looks just like that man that used to be with him   before. Mr. what’s-his-name. That tall, proud man.”
“香格里拉！基蒂回答说，“看起来就像以前和他在一起的那个人。”。那位先生。那个又高又骄傲的人。”
“Good gracious! Mr. Darcy!—and so it does, I vow. Well, any friend   of Mr. Bingley’s will always be welcome here, to be sure; but else I must   say that I hate the very sight of him.”
“仁慈的！达西先生！-的确如此，我发誓。当然，宾利先生的任何朋友都会受到欢迎，但我必须说，我讨厌见到他。”
Jane looked at Elizabeth with surprise and concern. She knew but little of   their meeting in Derbyshire, and therefore felt for the awkwardness which   must attend her sister, in seeing him almost for the first time after   receiving his explanatory letter. Both sisters were uncomfortable enough.   Each felt for the other, and of course for themselves; and their mother   talked on, of her dislike of Mr. Darcy, and her resolution to be civil to   him only as Mr. Bingley’s friend, without being heard by either of them.   But Elizabeth had sources of uneasiness which could not be suspected by   Jane, to whom she had never yet had courage to shew Mrs. Gardiner’s   letter, or to relate her own change of sentiment towards him. To Jane, he   could be only a man whose proposals she had refused, and whose merit she   had undervalued; but to her own more extensive information, he was the   person to whom the whole family were indebted for the first of benefits,   and whom she regarded herself with an interest, if not quite so tender, at   least as reasonable and just as what Jane felt for Bingley. Her   astonishment at his coming—at his coming to Netherfield, to   Longbourn, and voluntarily seeking her again, was almost equal to what she   had known on first witnessing his altered behaviour in Derbyshire.
简惊讶地看着伊丽莎白。她知道，但他们会在德比郡，因此对于重仓股必须参加她姐姐的感觉，看到他几乎是第一时间收到他的信后的解释。姐妹俩都很不舒服。每一个人都为对方而感到，当然也为他们自己；他们的母亲在谈论她不喜欢达西先生，以及她只想做宾利先生的朋友而不被任何人听到的决心。但是伊丽莎白有一些不安的地方，这是简所不能怀疑的，她从来没有勇气给加德纳太太写信，也没有把她自己的感情告诉他。简，他只能一个人的建议，她拒绝了，她和其价值低估；但是她自己的更广泛的信息，他对她们全家都是莫大的恩典，她认为自己有兴趣的，如果不是那么温柔，至少合理的，正如简所认为的宾利。她在他来的时候，他来Netherfield，到Longbourn的惊讶，并自愿重新找她，几乎等于她第一次目睹他在德比郡的已知行为的改变。
The colour which had been driven from her face, returned for half a minute   with an additional glow, and a smile of delight added lustre to her eyes,   as she thought for that space of time that his affection and wishes must   still be unshaken. But she would not be secure.
被驱动的从她脸上的颜色，返回半分钟一个额外的辉光，和一个快乐的笑容给她的眼睛增添了光彩，她想这段时间，他的感情和愿望仍然必须矢志不渝。但她不会安全。
“Let me first see how he behaves,” said she; “it will then be early enough   for expectation.”
“让我先看看他是怎么表现的，”她说，“那样早就够了。”
She sat intently at work, striving to be composed, and without daring to   lift up her eyes, till anxious curiosity carried them to the face of her   sister as the servant was approaching the door. Jane looked a little paler   than usual, but more sedate than Elizabeth had expected. On the   gentlemen’s appearing, her colour increased; yet she received them with   tolerable ease, and with a propriety of behaviour equally free from any   symptom of resentment or any unnecessary complaisance.
她全神贯注地坐在那里，努力地镇静下来，不敢抬起眼睛，直到仆人走近门时，她急切地好奇地把目光带到她姐姐的脸上。简看起来比平时更苍白了一点，但比伊丽莎白预料的更稳重。在绅士的出现，她的脸涨红了；不过她收到相当轻松，和适当的行为从任何症状的怨恨或任何不必要的殷勤同样自由。
Elizabeth said as little to either as civility would allow, and sat down   again to her work, with an eagerness which it did not often command. She   had ventured only one glance at Darcy. He looked serious, as usual; and,   she thought, more as he had been used to look in Hertfordshire, than as   she had seen him at Pemberley. But, perhaps he could not in her mother’s   presence be what he was before her uncle and aunt. It was a painful, but   not an improbable, conjecture.
伊丽莎白礼貌地说了一句话，然后又坐了下来，带着一种通常不需要的热情。她只敢瞟了达西一眼。像往常一样，他表情严肃，；，她想，更因为他已经习惯了看赫特福德郡，比她在彭伯里见过他。但是，也许他不能在她母亲面前表现出她在叔叔和婶婶面前的样子。这是一个痛苦的，但不是不可能的猜测。
Bingley, she had likewise seen for an instant, and in that short period   saw him looking both pleased and embarrassed. He was received by Mrs.   Bennet with a degree of civility which made her two daughters ashamed,   especially when contrasted with the cold and ceremonious politeness of her   curtsey and address to his friend.
宾利，她也看到了一瞬间，在那短暂的一段时间里，他显得既高兴又尴尬。他收到Bennet夫人一定程度使他两个女儿觉得礼貌，尤其是当与她行屈膝礼的冷和隆重的礼貌和他的朋友的地址。
Elizabeth, particularly, who knew that her mother owed to the latter the   preservation of her favourite daughter from irremediable infamy, was hurt   and distressed to a most painful degree by a distinction so ill applied.
伊丽莎白，特别是，谁知道母亲欠后者补救的耻辱的她最喜欢的女儿保存，受伤了，心疼的最痛苦的程度的区别，不适用。
Darcy, after inquiring of her how Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner did, a question   which she could not answer without confusion, said scarcely anything. He   was not seated by her; perhaps that was the reason of his silence; but it   had not been so in Derbyshire. There he had talked to her friends, when he   could not to herself. But now several minutes elapsed without bringing the   sound of his voice; and when occasionally, unable to resist the impulse of   curiosity, she raised her eyes to his face, she as often found him looking   at Jane as at herself, and frequently on no object but the ground. More   thoughtfulness and less anxiety to please, than when they last met, were   plainly expressed. She was disappointed, and angry with herself for being   so.
达西问了加德纳先生和夫人怎么做，她回答不出一个困惑的问题，几乎什么也没说。他没有坐在她身边；也许这是他沉默的原因；但它不曾在德比郡。在那里，他和她的朋友们交谈，而他自己却不能。但是，几分钟过去了，没有他的声音，偶尔也忍不住好奇的冲动，她抬起眼睛望着他的脸，她经常发现他看着珍妮就像她自己一样，而且常常毫无目标地看着地面。比起上次见面，更体贴和更少的焦虑是显而易见的。她很失望，对自己这样生气。
“Could I expect it to be otherwise!” said she. “Yet why did he come?”
“我能指望它是另外的吗？！她说。“可是他为什么来？”“
She was in no humour for conversation with anyone but himself; and to him   she had hardly courage to speak.
她没有幽默感，只想和别人交谈，但对他来说，她几乎没有勇气说话。
She inquired after his sister, but could do no more.
她向他妹妹打听，但不能再做了。
“It is a long time, Mr. Bingley, since you went away,” said Mrs. Bennet.
Bennet太太说：“宾利先生，你走了，这是一段很长的时间。”。
He readily agreed to it.
他欣然同意了。
“I began to be afraid you would never come back again. People did   say you meant to quit the place entirely at Michaelmas; but, however, I   hope it is not true. A great many changes have happened in the   neighbourhood, since you went away. Miss Lucas is married and settled. And   one of my own daughters. I suppose you have heard of it; indeed, you must   have seen it in the papers. It was in The Times and The Courier, I know;   though it was not put in as it ought to be. It was only said, ‘Lately,   George Wickham, Esq. to Miss Lydia Bennet,’ without there being a syllable   said of her father, or the place where she lived, or anything. It was my   brother Gardiner’s drawing up too, and I wonder how he came to make such   an awkward business of it. Did you see it?”
“我开始担心你再也不会回来了。人们都说，你打算退出完全发生在秋季；但是，但是，我希望这不是真的。自从你离开以后，附近发生了许多变化。卢卡斯小姐结婚了，定居了。还有我自己的一个女儿。我想你已经听说过了，事实上，你一定在报纸上看到过。我知道，这是时代和快递员的事，尽管它不应该放进去。它只是说，“最近，George Wickham，Esq. Lydia Bennet小姐，”没有一个音节说她父亲，她住的地方，或什么的。我哥哥加德纳也在画画，我不知道他是怎么搞到这么尴尬的事的。你看到了吗？“
Bingley replied that he did, and made his congratulations. Elizabeth dared   not lift up her eyes. How Mr. Darcy looked, therefore, she could not tell.
宾利回答说，他做了，并表示祝贺。伊丽莎白不敢抬起她的眼睛。因此，达西先生怎么看，她说不出话来。
“It is a delightful thing, to be sure, to have a daughter well married,”   continued her mother, “but at the same time, Mr. Bingley, it is very hard   to have her taken such a way from me. They are gone down to Newcastle, a   place quite northward, it seems, and there they are to stay I do not know   how long. His regiment is there; for I suppose you have heard of his   leaving the ——shire, and of his being gone into the regulars.   Thank Heaven! he has some friends, though perhaps not so many as he   deserves.”
“当然，有个好女儿结婚是件令人愉快的事，”她母亲继续说，“但与此同时，宾利先生，让她这样对待我是很困难的。”。他们去了纽卡斯尔，一个很北的地方，看来，他们呆在那里，我不知道有多久了。他的团在那里，因为我想你已经听说过他离开夏尔，而且他已经进入了正规军。感谢上天！他有一些朋友，也许没有他应得的那么多。”
Elizabeth, who knew this to be levelled at Mr. Darcy, was in such misery   of shame, that she could hardly keep her seat. It drew from her, however,   the exertion of speaking, which nothing else had so effectually done   before; and she asked Bingley whether he meant to make any stay in the   country at present. A few weeks, he believed.
伊丽莎白知道这是对达西先生的指责，她羞愧极了，几乎连座都坐不住了。然而，她却从言语中汲取了力量，这是以前没有别的事能做到的，于是她问宾利，他现在是否打算在乡下呆一段时间。几周后，他相信。
“When you have killed all your own birds, Mr. Bingley,” said her mother,   “I beg you will come here, and shoot as many as you please on Mr. Bennet’s   manor. I am sure he will be vastly happy to oblige you, and will save all   the best of the covies for you.”
“你杀了你所有的鸟，宾利先生，”她母亲说，“我请求你到这儿来，在Bennet先生的庄园里尽你所能地开枪。”。我相信他会很乐意帮你，而且会把最好的鹧鸪都留给你。”
Elizabeth’s misery increased, at such unnecessary, such officious   attention! Were the same fair prospect to arise at present as had   flattered them a year ago, every thing, she was persuaded, would be   hastening to the same vexatious conclusion. At that instant, she felt that   years of happiness could not make Jane or herself amends for moments of   such painful confusion.
伊丽莎白的痛苦增加了，在这种不必要的，这种过分注意！是同一个公平的前景出现目前有奉承他们一年前，每一件事，她被说服，便会无理取闹的结论相同。就在那一瞬间，她觉得多年的幸福并不能使简或她自己能弥补这种痛苦的困惑。
“The first wish of my heart,” said she to herself, “is never more to be in   company with either of them. Their society can afford no pleasure that   will atone for such wretchedness as this! Let me never see either one or   the other again!”
“我心中的第一个愿望，”她对自己说，“再也不可能和他们两个人在一起了。”。他们的社会不能快乐，将弥补这样的不幸这！让我再也见不到任何一个！“
Yet the misery, for which years of happiness were to offer no   compensation, received soon afterwards material relief, from observing how   much the beauty of her sister re-kindled the admiration of her former   lover. When first he came in, he had spoken to her but little; but every   five minutes seemed to be giving her more of his attention. He found her   as handsome as she had been last year; as good natured, and as unaffected,   though not quite so chatty. Jane was anxious that no difference should be   perceived in her at all, and was really persuaded that she talked as much   as ever. But her mind was so busily engaged, that she did not always know   when she was silent.
然而，多年来的幸福是无法补偿的，不久她就得到了物质上的安慰，因为她观察到她姐姐的美貌再次点燃了她昔日情人的爱慕之情。当他第一次进来时，他很少和她说话，但每五分钟就会使她更加注意他。他发现她英俊，她是去年；为脾气好，和自然，虽然不是那么健谈。简担心，她根本不应该察觉到什么不同，而且她真的相信她和以前一样说话。但是她的头脑如此忙碌，以至于她不知道她什么时候沉默。
When the gentlemen rose to go away, Mrs. Bennet was mindful of her   intended civility, and they were invited and engaged to dine at Longbourn   in a few days time.
当先生们玫瑰走了，Bennet太太注意到她的意图的礼貌，他们被邀请参与在Longbourn的几天时间吃饭。
“You are quite a visit in my debt, Mr. Bingley,” she added, “for when you   went to town last winter, you promised to take a family dinner with us, as   soon as you returned. I have not forgot, you see; and I assure you, I was   very much disappointed that you did not come back and keep your   engagement.”
“宾利先生，你欠我一次债，”她补充说，“因为去年冬天你进城时，你答应一回来就和我们一起吃顿家宴。”。我没有忘记，你看，我向你保证，我很失望你没有回来和你订婚。
Bingley looked a little silly at this reflection, and said something of   his concern at having been prevented by business. They then went away.
宾利对这一反应显得有点傻，说他担心被生意阻止了。然后他们走了。
Mrs. Bennet had been strongly inclined to ask them to stay and dine there   that day; but, though she always kept a very good table, she did not think   anything less than two courses could be good enough for a man on whom she   had such anxious designs, or satisfy the appetite and pride of one who had   ten thousand a year.
Bennet太太很想让他们在那一天留下来吃饭，但是，尽管她总是摆出一张很好的桌子，但她并不认为这两个课程对一个她有这种焦虑的设计的人来说是足够好的，或者满足一个一万零一岁的人的胃口和自豪感。
Chapter 54
54章
As soon as they were gone, Elizabeth walked out to recover her spirits; or   in other words, to dwell without interruption on those subjects that must   deaden them more. Mr. Darcy’s behaviour astonished and vexed her.
当他们都走了，伊丽莎白走了出来，恢复她的精神；或者换句话说，住在没有那些题目必须使他们更多的中断。达西先生的行为使她感到惊讶和烦恼。
“Why, if he came only to be silent, grave, and indifferent,” said she,   “did he come at all?”
“为什么，如果他来只是沉默，严肃，漠不关心，”她说，“他来了吗？“
She could settle it in no way that gave her pleasure.
她不可能给她带来快乐。
“He could be still amiable, still pleasing, to my uncle and aunt, when he   was in town; and why not to me? If he fears me, why come hither? If he no   longer cares for me, why silent? Teasing, teasing, man! I will think no   more about him.”
“他对我叔叔和婶婶在城里的时候仍然和蔼可亲，仍然讨人喜欢，为什么不给我呢？”如果他怕我，为什么到这儿来？如果他不再关心我，为什么沉默？戏弄，戏弄，男人！我不会再去想他了。”
Her resolution was for a short time involuntarily kept by the approach of   her sister, who joined her with a cheerful look, which showed her better   satisfied with their visitors, than Elizabeth.
她的决心很快就被她姐姐的方式不由自主地抑制住了，她带着愉快的表情和她在一起，这表明她对来访者的满意程度超过了伊丽莎白。
“Now,” said she, “that this first meeting is over, I feel perfectly easy.   I know my own strength, and I shall never be embarrassed again by his   coming. I am glad he dines here on Tuesday. It will then be publicly seen   that, on both sides, we meet only as common and indifferent acquaintance.”
“现在，”她说，“第一次会议结束了，我觉得很轻松。我知道我自己的力量，我再也不会因为他的到来而感到尴尬了。我很高兴他能到这儿来吃饭，星期二。这样一来，双方都会认识到我们只是普通的、冷漠的熟人。”
“Yes, very indifferent indeed,” said Elizabeth, laughingly. “Oh, Jane,   take care.”
“是的，确实很冷漠，”伊丽莎白说，笑着。“哦，简，保重。”
“My dear Lizzy, you cannot think me so weak, as to be in danger now?”
“我亲爱的Lizzy，你可别以为我那么弱，要危险了吗？“
“I think you are in very great danger of making him as much in love with   you as ever.”
“我认为你有很大的危险，使他和你一样深爱着你。”
They did not see the gentlemen again till Tuesday; and Mrs. Bennet, in the   meanwhile, was giving way to all the happy schemes, which the good humour   and common politeness of Bingley, in half an hour’s visit, had revived.
到星期二为止，他们再也见不到先生了。与此同时，Bennet太太正在为所有愉快的计划让路，Bingley的好心情和礼貌在半小时的访问中恢复了。
On Tuesday there was a large party assembled at Longbourn; and the two who   were most anxiously expected, to the credit of their punctuality as   sportsmen, were in very good time. When they repaired to the dining-room,   Elizabeth eagerly watched to see whether Bingley would take the place,   which, in all their former parties, had belonged to him, by her sister.   Her prudent mother, occupied by the same ideas, forbore to invite him to   sit by herself. On entering the room, he seemed to hesitate; but Jane   happened to look round, and happened to smile: it was decided. He placed   himself by her.
星期二有一个大党聚集在Longbourn；和两个最焦急的预期，对他们的信用作为运动员，是很好的时间。当他们去餐厅吃饭时，伊丽莎白急切地注视着宾利是否会取代她以前所有的聚会，那是她姐姐的。她精明的母亲，用同样的念头，便请他坐到她自己。一走进房间，他似乎犹豫了一下，但简碰巧环顾四周，碰巧笑了笑：这件事已经决定了。他坐在她旁边。
Elizabeth, with a triumphant sensation, looked towards his friend. He bore   it with noble indifference, and she would have imagined that Bingley had   received his sanction to be happy, had she not seen his eyes likewise   turned towards Mr. Darcy, with an expression of half-laughing alarm.
伊丽莎白得意洋洋地看着他的朋友。他怀着崇高的冷漠，忍受着这一切，她本以为宾利得到了他的安慰，她没有看到他的眼睛也同样转向达西先生，脸上带着半笑的警告。
His behaviour to her sister was such, during dinner time, as showed an   admiration of her, which, though more guarded than formerly, persuaded   Elizabeth, that if left wholly to himself, Jane’s happiness, and his own,   would be speedily secured. Though she dared not depend upon the   consequence, she yet received pleasure from observing his behaviour. It   gave her all the animation that her spirits could boast; for she was in no   cheerful humour. Mr. Darcy was almost as far from her as the table could   divide them. He was on one side of her mother. She knew how little such a   situation would give pleasure to either, or make either appear to   advantage. She was not near enough to hear any of their discourse, but she   could see how seldom they spoke to each other, and how formal and cold was   their manner whenever they did. Her mother’s ungraciousness, made the   sense of what they owed him more painful to Elizabeth’s mind; and she   would, at times, have given anything to be privileged to tell him that his   kindness was neither unknown nor unfelt by the whole of the family.
他对妹妹的态度是这样的，在吃饭的时候，她表现出对她的钦佩，尽管她比以前更谨慎了，但他说服了伊丽莎白，如果简一个人把自己的幸福留给自己，他就会很快得到安慰。虽然她不敢相信后果，但她从观察他的行为中却得到了快感。它给了她精神上可以夸耀的一切动画，因为她没有愉快的幽默。达西先生离她远得像桌子能把他们分开一样。他站在她母亲一边。她知道这样的情况对双方来说都没有多大的乐趣，或者使两者都显得有利。她离他们的谈话还不太近，但她能看出他们彼此交谈的时间是多么地少，他们每次见面时的举止都是多么的正式和冷漠。她母亲的ungraciousness，使他们欠了他伊丽莎白的心更痛的感觉；她，有时，有什么特权告诉他家族的整个他的好意不是未知的或不自觉的。
She was in hopes that the evening would afford some opportunity of   bringing them together; that the whole of the visit would not pass away   without enabling them to enter into something more of conversation than   the mere ceremonious salutation attending his entrance. Anxious and   uneasy, the period which passed in the drawing-room, before the gentlemen   came, was wearisome and dull to a degree that almost made her uncivil. She   looked forward to their entrance as the point on which all her chance of   pleasure for the evening must depend.
她希望晚上能有机会把他们聚在一起；，整个参观就不要让它们进入更多的东西比单纯的客套称呼谈话参加高考。焦虑和不安，这段时间在客厅里走过，绅士们到来之前，是乏味的，一种几乎使她不文明的枯燥。她期待着他们的到来，这是她晚上所有快乐的关键所在。
“If he does not come to me, then,” said she, “I shall give him up   for ever.”
“如果他不来找我，”她说，“我会永远放弃他。”
The gentlemen came; and she thought he looked as if he would have answered   her hopes; but, alas! the ladies had crowded round the table, where Miss   Bennet was making tea, and Elizabeth pouring out the coffee, in so close a   confederacy that there was not a single vacancy near her which would admit   of a chair. And on the gentlemen’s approaching, one of the girls moved   closer to her than ever, and said, in a whisper:
绅士们走了过来，她觉得他似乎会回答她的希望，但是，唉！女士们围着桌子，Bennet小姐在沏茶，伊丽莎白把咖啡倒得很近，在一个如此紧密的邦联里，她身边没有一个空位能容纳一把椅子。在绅士们走近的时候，其中一个女孩比以往更靠近她，低声说：
“The men shan’t come and part us, I am determined. We want none of them;   do we?”
“男人不会来和我们分开，我有决心。”。我们一个也不想要，是吗？“
Darcy had walked away to another part of the room. She followed him with   her eyes, envied everyone to whom he spoke, had scarcely patience enough   to help anybody to coffee; and then was enraged against herself for being   so silly!
达西走到房间的另一个地方去了。她用眼睛注视着他，羡慕他所说的每一个人，几乎没有足够的耐心去帮助任何人喝咖啡；然后他为自己的愚蠢而生气！
“A man who has once been refused! How could I ever be foolish enough to   expect a renewal of his love? Is there one among the sex, who would not   protest against such a weakness as a second proposal to the same woman?   There is no indignity so abhorrent to their feelings!”
“曾经被拒绝的人！我怎么能愚蠢到期待他的爱的更新呢？是否有一个性别，谁不会抗议这样的弱点，作为第二个建议，同一个女人？没有侮辱这么可恶的他们的感受！“
She was a little revived, however, by his bringing back his coffee cup   himself; and she seized the opportunity of saying:
然而，她又一次恢复了活力，因为他自己把咖啡杯拿回来了，于是她抓住了说的机会：
“Is your sister at Pemberley still?”
“你妹妹还在彭伯里吗？“
“Yes, she will remain there till Christmas.”
“是的，她会一直呆到圣诞节。”
“And quite alone? Have all her friends left her?”
“很孤独？她的朋友都离她而去了吗？“
“Mrs. Annesley is with her. The others have been gone on to Scarborough,   these three weeks.”
“Annesley夫人和她的。其他人已经去了Scarborough，这三个星期。
She could think of nothing more to say; but if he wished to converse with   her, he might have better success. He stood by her, however, for some   minutes, in silence; and, at last, on the young lady’s whispering to   Elizabeth again, he walked away.
她想不出什么话要说，但如果他想和她交谈，他可能会有更好的成功。然而，他站在她身边，沉默了几分钟；最后，这位年轻女士又向伊丽莎白耳语，他走开了。
When the tea-things were removed, and the card-tables placed, the ladies   all rose, and Elizabeth was then hoping to be soon joined by him, when all   her views were overthrown by seeing him fall a victim to her mother’s   rapacity for whist players, and in a few moments after seated with the   rest of the party. She now lost every expectation of pleasure. They were   confined for the evening at different tables, and she had nothing to hope,   but that his eyes were so often turned towards her side of the room, as to   make him play as unsuccessfully as herself.
当茶具撤走，和桌牌摆放，女士们都站起身来，这时伊丽莎白希望他立刻就到他，当她所有的观点都看到他推翻掉她妈妈的牌友贪婪的受害者，并在几分钟后，其余的人坐。她现在失去了快乐的所有期望。那天晚上，他们被安排在不同的桌子上，她没有什么希望，但他的眼睛经常转向房间的一侧，使他玩得像她自己一样失败。
Mrs. Bennet had designed to keep the two Netherfield gentlemen to supper;   but their carriage was unluckily ordered before any of the others, and she   had no opportunity of detaining them.
Bennet夫人为了让两个Netherfield绅士共进晚餐；但他们的马车不幸被命令之前，任何人，她没有机会留他们。
“Well girls,” said she, as soon as they were left to themselves, “What say   you to the day? I think every thing has passed off uncommonly well, I   assure you. The dinner was as well dressed as any I ever saw. The venison   was roasted to a turn—and everybody said they never saw so fat a   haunch. The soup was fifty times better than what we had at the Lucases’    last week; and even Mr. Darcy acknowledged, that the partridges were   remarkably well done; and I suppose he has two or three French cooks at   least. And, my dear Jane, I never saw you look in greater beauty. Mrs.   Long said so too, for I asked her whether you did not. And what do you   think she said besides? ‘Ah! Mrs. Bennet, we shall have her at Netherfield   at last.’ She did indeed. I do think Mrs. Long is as good a creature as   ever lived—and her nieces are very pretty behaved girls, and not at   all handsome: I like them prodigiously.”
“姑娘们，”她们一离开她们，就说：“你们今天怎么说？”我觉得一切都非常顺利，我向你保证。这顿饭和我见过的一样漂亮。鹿肉烧得恰到好处，大家都说他们从来没有见过这么肥的臀部。汤是比我们在卢卡斯上周的五十倍；甚至达西先生承认，鹧鸪明显做得好；我想他有三个法国厨师至少。亲爱的简，我从没见过你看起来更美。龙太太也这么说，因为我问她你没有。你认为她说了什么？“啊！Bennet夫人，我们要她在Netherfield。她确实。我觉得龙太太是一个很好的生物曾经有过和她的侄女很漂亮乖巧的女孩，一点都不帅：我好喜欢他们。”
Mrs. Bennet, in short, was in very great spirits; she had seen enough of   Bingley’s behaviour to Jane, to be convinced that she would get him at   last; and her expectations of advantage to her family, when in a happy   humour, were so far beyond reason, that she was quite disappointed at not   seeing him there again the next day, to make his proposals.
Bennet夫人，总之，是很伟大的精神；她已经看够了宾利的行为，简确信她会得到他最后；和她期望的优势，她的家人，当一个快乐的幽默，是远远超出的原因，她没有看到他那里了接下来的日子很失望，使他的建议。
“It has been a very agreeable day,” said Miss Bennet to Elizabeth. “The   party seemed so well selected, so suitable one with the other. I hope we   may often meet again.”
“今天天气非常好，”Bennet小姐对伊丽莎白说。这个党似乎选得很好，与其他党很合适。我希望我们能经常再见面。”
Elizabeth smiled.
伊丽莎白笑了笑。
“Lizzy, you must not do so. You must not suspect me. It mortifies me. I   assure you that I have now learnt to enjoy his conversation as an   agreeable and sensible young man, without having a wish beyond it. I am   perfectly satisfied, from what his manners now are, that he never had any   design of engaging my affection. It is only that he is blessed with   greater sweetness of address, and a stronger desire of generally pleasing,   than any other man.”
“Lizzy，你不能这样做。你不能怀疑我。它会使我难受。我向你保证，我现在已经学会了作为一个讨人喜欢的、通情达理的年轻人，享受他的谈话，而不必有超越它的愿望。从他现在的举止来看，我完全满意了，他从来没有设计过我的感情。只有他有着比任何其他人更甜美的称呼和更普遍的愿望。
“You are very cruel,” said her sister, “you will not let me smile, and are   provoking me to it every moment.”
“你太残忍了，”她姐姐说，“你不会让我笑，每时每刻都在惹我生气。”
“How hard it is in some cases to be believed!”
“在某些情况下要相信是多么困难！“
“And how impossible in others!”
还有其他人是不可能的！“
“But why should you wish to persuade me that I feel more than I   acknowledge?”
“但你为什么要说服我，我感到比我所承认的还要多呢？”“
“That is a question which I hardly know how to answer. We all love to   instruct, though we can teach only what is not worth knowing. Forgive me;   and if you persist in indifference, do not make me your confidante.”
“那是一个我几乎不知道如何回答的问题。我们都喜欢教导别人，尽管我们只能教那些不值得知道的东西。原谅我；如果你坚持冷漠，不要让我成为你的红颜知己。”
Chapter 55
55章
A few days after this visit, Mr. Bingley called again, and alone. His   friend had left him that morning for London, but was to return home in ten   days time. He sat with them above an hour, and was in remarkably good   spirits. Mrs. Bennet invited him to dine with them; but, with many   expressions of concern, he confessed himself engaged elsewhere.
这次访问几天后，宾利先生又打来电话，独自一人。他的朋友那天早上已经离开他去伦敦了，但是十天后就要回家了。他和他们坐了一个多小时，精神非常好。Bennet夫人邀请他和他们一起吃饭，但他表示关切，承认自己在别处工作。
“Next time you call,” said she, “I hope we shall be more lucky.”
“下次你打电话来时，”她说，“我希望我们能更幸运些。”
He should be particularly happy at any time, etc. etc.; and if she would   give him leave, would take an early opportunity of waiting on them.
他在任何时候都应该特别高兴；如果她允许他离开，他会很早就有机会等他们。
“Can you come to-morrow?”
“你明天能来吗？”“
Yes, he had no engagement at all for to-morrow; and her invitation was   accepted with alacrity.
是的，他明天没有约会；爽爽快快地接受了她的邀请。
He came, and in such very good time that the ladies were none of them   dressed. In ran Mrs. Bennet to her daughter’s room, in her dressing gown,   and with her hair half finished, crying out:
他来了，在这样的好时机，女士们都没穿衣服。Bennet太太穿着睡衣，跑到她女儿的房间里，她的头发半张了，哭了出来：
“My dear Jane, make haste and hurry down. He is come—Mr. Bingley is   come. He is, indeed. Make haste, make haste. Here, Sarah, come to Miss   Bennet this moment, and help her on with her gown. Never mind Miss Lizzy’s   hair.”
“我亲爱的简，快一点，快一点。他是come-mr.宾利来。的确，他是。赶快，赶快。莎拉，Bennet小姐，过来，帮她穿上睡衣。不要错过Lizzy的头发。”
“We will be down as soon as we can,” said Jane; “but I dare say Kitty is   forwarder than either of us, for she went up stairs half an hour ago.”
“我们会尽快下来的，”简说，“但我敢说基蒂比我们任何一个都要好，因为她半小时前就上楼了。”
“Oh! hang Kitty! what has she to do with it? Come be quick, be quick!   Where is your sash, my dear?”
“哦！hang Kitty! 她和它有什么关系？快来，快点！亲爱的，你的腰带在哪儿？“
But when her mother was gone, Jane would not be prevailed on to go down   without one of her sisters.
但是，当她的母亲不在时，简将不会被说服在没有她的姐妹的情况下下去。
The same anxiety to get them by themselves was visible again in the   evening. After tea, Mr. Bennet retired to the library, as was his custom,   and Mary went up stairs to her instrument. Two obstacles of the five being   thus removed, Mrs. Bennet sat looking and winking at Elizabeth and   Catherine for a considerable time, without making any impression on them.   Elizabeth would not observe her; and when at last Kitty did, she very   innocently said, “What is the matter mamma? What do you keep winking at me   for? What am I to do?”
同样的焦虑让他们自己能在晚上再次出现。喝完茶后，Bennet先生像他的习惯一样退到图书馆去了，玛丽上楼去拿她的乐器。五个障碍被消除了，Bennet夫人坐在那儿看着伊丽莎白和凯瑟琳好长时间，没有给他们留下任何印象。伊丽莎白不肯看她，最后凯蒂做了，她很天真地说：“妈妈，怎么啦？”你为什么老是对我眨眼？我该怎么办？“
“Nothing child, nothing. I did not wink at you.” She then sat still five   minutes longer; but unable to waste such a precious occasion, she suddenly   got up, and saying to Kitty, “Come here, my love, I want to speak to you,”   took her out of the room. Jane instantly gave a look at Elizabeth which   spoke her distress at such premeditation, and her entreaty that she   would not give in to it. In a few minutes, Mrs. Bennet half-opened the   door and called out:
“没有孩子，什么也没有。“我没有对你眨眼”，她又坐了五分钟，但她没能浪费这么宝贵的时间，她突然站起来，对凯蒂说：“过来，我的爱人，我想和你说话，”她把她从房间里带了出来。简立即给了伊丽莎白，说她受不住这样的摆布一看，她恳求，她不会放弃它。过了几分钟，Bennet夫人半开了门，喊了一声：
“Lizzy, my dear, I want to speak with you.”
“Lizzy，亲爱的，我想和你说。”
Elizabeth was forced to go.
伊丽莎白被迫走了。
“We may as well leave them by themselves you know;” said her mother, as   soon as she was in the hall. “Kitty and I are going up stairs to sit in my   dressing-room.”
“我们最好把他们自己留下，你知道的，”她母亲一到大厅就说。“基蒂和我要上楼坐在我的化妆室里。”
Elizabeth made no attempt to reason with her mother, but remained quietly   in the hall, till she and Kitty were out of sight, then returned into the   drawing-room.
伊丽莎白没有试图和她母亲讲道理，只是静静地呆在门厅里，直到她和基蒂看不见为止，然后又回到客厅。
Mrs. Bennet’s schemes for this day were ineffectual. Bingley was every   thing that was charming, except the professed lover of her daughter. His   ease and cheerfulness rendered him a most agreeable addition to their   evening party; and he bore with the ill-judged officiousness of the   mother, and heard all her silly remarks with a forbearance and command of   countenance particularly grateful to the daughter.
Bennet夫人这一天的计划是徒劳的。宾利是个迷人的姑娘，除了那个自称是她女儿的情人。他的轻松和快乐使他最愉快的除了他们的晚会；他忍受误判多管闲事的母亲，听到她所有的愚蠢的言论与宽容和支持特别感谢女儿的命令。
He scarcely needed an invitation to stay supper; and before he went away,   an engagement was formed, chiefly through his own and Mrs. Bennet’s means,   for his coming next morning to shoot with her husband.
他几乎不需要一个邀请来吃晚饭；在他离开之前，主要是通过他自己和Bennet太太的手段，订婚了，因为他第二天早上要和她丈夫一起去拍摄。
After this day, Jane said no more of her indifference. Not a word passed   between the sisters concerning Bingley; but Elizabeth went to bed in the   happy belief that all must speedily be concluded, unless Mr. Darcy   returned within the stated time. Seriously, however, she felt tolerably   persuaded that all this must have taken place with that gentleman’s   concurrence.
这一天过后，简不再说她的漠不关心了。姐妹们对宾利的话一句也没说，但伊丽莎白怀着愉快的信念上床睡觉，因为达西先生必须在规定的时间内回来，一切都必须尽快结束。说真的，然而，她感到相当确信，这一切必须发生，绅士的竞合。
Bingley was punctual to his appointment; and he and Mr. Bennet spent the   morning together, as had been agreed on. The latter was much more   agreeable than his companion expected. There was nothing of presumption or   folly in Bingley that could provoke his ridicule, or disgust him into   silence; and he was more communicative, and less eccentric, than the other   had ever seen him. Bingley of course returned with him to dinner; and in   the evening Mrs. Bennet’s invention was again at work to get every body   away from him and her daughter. Elizabeth, who had a letter to write, went   into the breakfast room for that purpose soon after tea; for as the others   were all going to sit down to cards, she could not be wanted to counteract   her mother’s schemes.
宾利准时赴约，他和Bennet先生在约定的时间里一起度过了一个上午。后者比他的同伴所期望的要好得多。在Bingley，没有任何一种假定或愚蠢的行为能激起他的嘲笑，或使他感到沉默；他比其他人看到的更健谈，更不偏心。宾利当然也和他一起去吃晚饭了，到了晚上，Bennet太太的发明又一次发挥作用，使他和女儿们都不致离去。伊丽莎白有一封信要写，在茶后很快就进了早餐室，因为其他人都要坐下来打牌，她不想违背母亲的计划。
But on returning to the drawing-room, when her letter was finished, she   saw, to her infinite surprise, there was reason to fear that her mother   had been too ingenious for her. On opening the door, she perceived her   sister and Bingley standing together over the hearth, as if engaged in   earnest conversation; and had this led to no suspicion, the faces of both,   as they hastily turned round and moved away from each other, would have   told it all. Their situation was awkward enough; but hers she   thought was still worse. Not a syllable was uttered by either; and   Elizabeth was on the point of going away again, when Bingley, who as well   as the other had sat down, suddenly rose, and whispering a few words to   her sister, ran out of the room.
但回到客厅，当她的信写完后，她惊奇地发现，有理由担心她的母亲对她太有创意了。一打开门，她就看见姐姐和宾利站在壁炉前，像是在认真地交谈着；这件事没有引起任何怀疑，两人的脸都匆匆地转过身去，彼此走开了。他们的处境很尴尬，但她认为情况更糟。宾利也没有离开一个音节，伊丽莎白又一次离开了，这时，她和另一个坐了下来，突然站起来，对妹妹耳语了几句，跑出了房间。
Jane could have no reserves from Elizabeth, where confidence would give   pleasure; and instantly embracing her, acknowledged, with the liveliest   emotion, that she was the happiest creature in the world.
简可以从伊丽莎白没有储备，信心会快乐；瞬间拥抱她，公认的，最活跃的情感，她是世界上最幸福的人。
“‘Tis too much!” she added, “by far too much. I do not deserve it. Oh! why   is not everybody as happy?”
“那太多了！她补充道：“太多了。我不配。哦!为什么每个人都不快乐？“
Elizabeth’s congratulations were given with a sincerity, a warmth, a   delight, which words could but poorly express. Every sentence of kindness   was a fresh source of happiness to Jane. But she would not allow herself   to stay with her sister, or say half that remained to be said for the   present.
伊丽莎白的祝贺是真诚的、温暖的、喜悦的，这些话只能表达得很差。简的每一句话都是他幸福的源泉。但是她不允许自己和姐姐呆在一起，或者说现在还剩下一半。
“I must go instantly to my mother;” she cried. “I would not on any account   trifle with her affectionate solicitude; or allow her to hear it from   anyone but myself. He is gone to my father already. Oh! Lizzy, to know   that what I have to relate will give such pleasure to all my dear family!   how shall I bear so much happiness!”
“我必须马上去见我母亲。”她哭了。“我决不会对她深情的关心而轻视，或者允许她听到任何人的声音，除了我自己。他已经到我父亲那儿去了。哦!Lizzy，知道我有什么联系会给这样的快乐我所有的亲爱的家人！我怎么能忍受这么多幸福？！“
She then hastened away to her mother, who had purposely broken up the card   party, and was sitting up stairs with Kitty.
然后她赶紧去找她的母亲，她故意中断了卡片聚会，然后和基蒂一起坐在楼梯上。
Elizabeth, who was left by herself, now smiled at the rapidity and ease   with which an affair was finally settled, that had given them so many   previous months of suspense and vexation.
伊丽莎白独自一人留下来，她对这件事终于解决的迅速和轻松微笑了一下，这给了他们过去几个月的悬念和烦恼。
“And this,” said she, “is the end of all his friend’s anxious   circumspection! of all his sister’s falsehood and contrivance! the   happiest, wisest, most reasonable end!”
“这个，”她说，“是他所有朋友的焦虑地结束！所有妹妹的谎言和诡计！最幸福、最明智、最合理的结局！“
In a few minutes she was joined by Bingley, whose conference with her   father had been short and to the purpose.
几分钟后，宾利加入了她的会议，她和她父亲的会议很短，而且很有意思。
“Where is your sister?” said he hastily, as he opened the door.
“你姐姐在哪儿？他开门时急忙说。
“With my mother up stairs. She will be down in a moment, I dare say.”
“和我妈妈上楼。我敢说她马上就要下来了。
He then shut the door, and, coming up to her, claimed the good wishes and   affection of a sister. Elizabeth honestly and heartily expressed her   delight in the prospect of their relationship. They shook hands with great   cordiality; and then, till her sister came down, she had to listen to all   he had to say of his own happiness, and of Jane’s perfections; and in   spite of his being a lover, Elizabeth really believed all his expectations   of felicity to be rationally founded, because they had for basis the   excellent understanding, and super-excellent disposition of Jane, and a   general similarity of feeling and taste between her and himself.
然后，他关上门，走到她面前，向她表示了姐姐的美好祝愿和爱。伊丽莎白真诚地、衷心地表达了她对他们关系前景的喜悦。他们握了握手，亲切；然后，直到她姐姐就下来了，她听他讲他自己的幸福，和简的完美；在他做情人的怨恨，伊丽莎白真的相信他的所有期望幸福必须可以实现，因为他们为基础优秀的理解，和简超优良的性格，以及她与自己的感觉和味道一般的相似性。
It was an evening of no common delight to them all; the satisfaction of   Miss Bennet’s mind gave a glow of such sweet animation to her face, as   made her look handsomer than ever. Kitty simpered and smiled, and hoped   her turn was coming soon. Mrs. Bennet could not give her consent or speak   her approbation in terms warm enough to satisfy her feelings, though she   talked to Bingley of nothing else for half an hour; and when Mr. Bennet   joined them at supper, his voice and manner plainly showed how really   happy he was.
这是大家都非常高兴，一个晚上；Bennet小姐的心满意了辉光这样甜蜜的动画到她的脸上，使她看起来比以前更帅。基蒂假笑了一下，笑了笑，希望她将很快就来。Bennet太太不能答应她，也不能以她足够温暖的心情来表示她的同意，尽管她和宾利谈了半个小时，但当Bennet先生和他们共进晚餐时，他的声音和举止清楚地表明了他是多么的高兴。
Not a word, however, passed his lips in allusion to it, till their visitor   took his leave for the night; but as soon as he was gone, he turned to his   daughter, and said:
然而，一句话也没有提到他，直到他们的客人离开他过夜，但他一走，他就转身对女儿说：
“Jane, I congratulate you. You will be a very happy woman.”
“简，我祝贺你。你会是一个非常快乐的女人。”
Jane went to him instantly, kissed him, and thanked him for his goodness.
简立刻走到他跟前，吻了吻他，并感谢他的好意。
“You are a good girl;” he replied, “and I have great pleasure in thinking   you will be so happily settled. I have not a doubt of your doing very well   together. Your tempers are by no means unlike. You are each of you so   complying, that nothing will ever be resolved on; so easy, that every   servant will cheat you; and so generous, that you will always exceed your   income.”
“你是个好姑娘，”他回答说，“我很高兴你会这么高兴地安顿下来。”。我毫不怀疑你们在一起做得很好。你的脾气绝不是不一样的。你们每个人都是如此顺从，没有任何事情会被解决，如此容易，以至于每个仆人都会欺骗你；如此慷慨，你将永远超过你的收入。
“I hope not so. Imprudence or thoughtlessness in money matters would be   unpardonable in me.”
“我希望不是这样。在银钱问题则会在我是不可原谅的。”
“Exceed their income! My dear Mr. Bennet,” cried his wife, “what are you   talking of? Why, he has four or five thousand a year, and very likely   more.” Then addressing her daughter, “Oh! my dear, dear Jane, I am so   happy! I am sure I shan’t get a wink of sleep all night. I knew how it   would be. I always said it must be so, at last. I was sure you could not   be so beautiful for nothing! I remember, as soon as ever I saw him, when   he first came into Hertfordshire last year, I thought how likely it was   that you should come together. Oh! he is the handsomest young man that   ever was seen!”
“超过他们的收入！“我亲爱的Bennet先生，”他的妻子喊道，“你在说什么？”为什么，他有四或五千零一年，很可能更多。”然后对她的女儿说，“哦！我亲爱的简，我很高兴！我确信我整夜都睡不着觉。我知道那会是什么样子。我总是说一定是这样，终于。我相信你不会因为没有什么而如此美丽！我记得，当我看到他，当他去年初到哈福德郡，我想这样的几率应该在一起。哦!他是英俊的年轻人见过！“
Wickham, Lydia, were all forgotten. Jane was beyond competition her   favourite child. At that moment, she cared for no other. Her younger   sisters soon began to make interest with her for objects of happiness   which she might in future be able to dispense.
威克姆，丽迪雅，都被遗忘了。简超越了竞争——她最喜欢的孩子。那一刻，她再也不关心别人了。她的妹妹很快就开始对她感兴趣的对象，她可能在未来可以分发。
Mary petitioned for the use of the library at Netherfield; and Kitty   begged very hard for a few balls there every winter.
玛丽请求在Netherfield图书馆的使用；和基蒂硬要她几球那里每年冬天。
Bingley, from this time, was of course a daily visitor at Longbourn;   coming frequently before breakfast, and always remaining till after   supper; unless when some barbarous neighbour, who could not be enough   detested, had given him an invitation to dinner which he thought himself   obliged to accept.
宾利，从这个时间，当然是在Longbourn的每日访客；常常没吃早饭就来，一直待到吃过晚饭；除非一些野蛮的邻居，谁能不足够的厌恶，给了他吃饭的邀请，他认为自己有义务接受。
Elizabeth had now but little time for conversation with her sister; for   while he was present, Jane had no attention to bestow on anyone else; but   she found herself considerably useful to both of them in those hours of   separation that must sometimes occur. In the absence of Jane, he always   attached himself to Elizabeth, for the pleasure of talking of her; and   when Bingley was gone, Jane constantly sought the same means of relief.
伊丽莎白现在只有很少的时间和她姐姐谈话了，因为他在场的时候，简没有注意到其他人，但她发现自己在两个分开的时间里对他们俩都很有用。在简的缺席下，他总是喜欢伊丽莎白，因为谈起她是件愉快的事；当宾利不在时，简不断寻求同样的救济方式。
“He has made me so happy,” said she, one evening, “by telling me that he   was totally ignorant of my being in town last spring! I had not believed   it possible.”
“他使我非常高兴，”一天晚上她说，“告诉我他完全不知道我去年春天在城里！我不相信这是可能的。”
“I suspected as much,” replied Elizabeth. “But how did he account for it?”
“我很怀疑，”伊丽莎白回答说。“但是他是怎么解释的呢？“
“It must have been his sister’s doing. They were certainly no friends to   his acquaintance with me, which I cannot wonder at, since he might have   chosen so much more advantageously in many respects. But when they see, as   I trust they will, that their brother is happy with me, they will learn to   be contented, and we shall be on good terms again; though we can never be   what we once were to each other.”
“一定是他妹妹在干什么。”。他们对我的了解当然不是朋友，我不奇怪，因为他可能在许多方面更有利地选择了。但是，当他们看到，正如我相信他们会，他们的兄弟与我很高兴，他们将学会满足，我们将恢复良好的条件，虽然我们永远不会是我们曾经是彼此。
“That is the most unforgiving speech,” said Elizabeth, “that I ever heard   you utter. Good girl! It would vex me, indeed, to see you again the dupe   of Miss Bingley’s pretended regard.”
“这是最无情的话，”伊丽莎白说，“我听到你说。好女孩！它会使我烦恼，真的，看到你再次的欺骗假装把宾利小姐。”
“Would you believe it, Lizzy, that when he went to town last November, he   really loved me, and nothing but a persuasion of my being   indifferent would have prevented his coming down again!”
“你相信吗，Lizzy，当他去镇上十一月，他真的爱我，但并没有说服我的冷漠会阻止他再下来！“
“He made a little mistake to be sure; but it is to the credit of his   modesty.”
“他确实犯了一点小错误，但这是他谦虚的功劳。”
This naturally introduced a panegyric from Jane on his diffidence, and the   little value he put on his own good qualities. Elizabeth was pleased to   find that he had not betrayed the interference of his friend; for, though   Jane had the most generous and forgiving heart in the world, she knew it   was a circumstance which must prejudice her against him.
这自然地引入颂扬简羞怯，和小的价值，他把自己的优秀品质。伊丽莎白很高兴地发现，他并没有背叛朋友的干涉，因为尽管简拥有世界上最慷慨宽容的心，但她知道这种情况一定会使她对他产生偏见。
“I am certainly the most fortunate creature that ever existed!” cried   Jane. “Oh! Lizzy, why am I thus singled from my family, and blessed above   them all! If I could but see you as happy! If there were but   such another man for you!”
“我肯定是有史以来最幸运的生物！简喊道。“哦！Lizzy，怎么偏偏是我的家人，保佑所有人之上！如果我能看到你那么快乐！如果只有你这样的男人！“
“If you were to give me forty such men, I never could be so happy as you.   Till I have your disposition, your goodness, I never can have your   happiness. No, no, let me shift for myself; and, perhaps, if I have very   good luck, I may meet with another Mr. Collins in time.”
“如果你给我四十个这样的男人，我永远也不会像你那么幸福。”。直到我拥有你的性情，你的善良，我永远无法拥有你的幸福。不，不，让我自己来，也许，如果我运气好的话，我可能会及时会见另一位Collins先生。
The situation of affairs in the Longbourn family could not be long a   secret. Mrs. Bennet was privileged to whisper it to Mrs. Phillips, and she   ventured, without any permission, to do the same by all her neighbours in   Meryton.
在Longbourn的家庭事务的情况不能被长时间的秘密。Bennet夫人有幸小声告诉菲利浦斯夫人，她敢擅自做相同的所有她的邻居在麦里屯。
The Bennets were speedily pronounced to be the luckiest family in the   world, though only a few weeks before, when Lydia had first run away, they   had been generally proved to be marked out for misfortune.
生活很快宣布是世界上最幸运的家庭，虽然只有几个星期前，当丽迪雅第一次逃跑，他们已被证明都是挑出来的不幸。
Chapter 56
56章
One morning, about a week after Bingley’s engagement with Jane had been   formed, as he and the females of the family were sitting together in the   dining-room, their attention was suddenly drawn to the window, by the   sound of a carriage; and they perceived a chaise and four driving up the   lawn. It was too early in the morning for visitors, and besides, the   equipage did not answer to that of any of their neighbours. The horses   were post; and neither the carriage, nor the livery of the servant who   preceded it, were familiar to them. As it was certain, however, that   somebody was coming, Bingley instantly prevailed on Miss Bennet to avoid   the confinement of such an intrusion, and walk away with him into the   shrubbery. They both set off, and the conjectures of the remaining three   continued, though with little satisfaction, till the door was thrown open   and their visitor entered. It was Lady Catherine de Bourgh.
一天早上，宾利与简订婚后，已经形成了一个星期，他和家人们坐在餐厅里，他们突然注意到窗口，用一架马车的声响；他们认为一个四轮马车沿着草坪。这是在清晨的游客，而且，马车没有哪个邻居。马后；没有马车，也没有制服的仆人在它之前，是他们熟悉的。那是一定的，但是，有人来了，宾利马上劝Bennet小姐来避免这种入侵的约束，和他一起走到灌木丛。他们俩都出发了，剩下的三个人的猜测继续下去，尽管没有什么满足感，直到门开了，他们的客人进来了。这是凯瑟琳夫人。
They were of course all intending to be surprised; but their astonishment   was beyond their expectation; and on the part of Mrs. Bennet and Kitty,   though she was perfectly unknown to them, even inferior to what Elizabeth   felt.
他们当然都会感到惊讶，但他们的惊讶出乎他们的意料，而Bennet太太和基蒂，尽管她对他们一无所知，甚至不如伊丽莎白的感觉。
She entered the room with an air more than usually ungracious, made no   other reply to Elizabeth’s salutation than a slight inclination of the   head, and sat down without saying a word. Elizabeth had mentioned her name   to her mother on her ladyship’s entrance, though no request of   introduction had been made.
她进入了一个空气比平时更粗俗的房间，没有其他的回答伊丽莎白的称呼不是点头，坐了下来，没有说一句话。伊丽莎白曾提到她的名字她的母亲夫人的门口，虽然没有要求介绍了。
Mrs. Bennet, all amazement, though flattered by having a guest of such   high importance, received her with the utmost politeness. After sitting   for a moment in silence, she said very stiffly to Elizabeth,
Bennet太太非常惊讶，尽管受到如此重要的客人的奉承，却极其客气地接待了她。她沉默地坐了一会儿，非常生硬地对伊丽莎白说，
“I hope you are well, Miss Bennet. That lady, I suppose, is your mother.”
“我希望你一切都好，Bennet小姐。那位女士，我想，是你母亲。”
Elizabeth replied very concisely that she was.
伊丽莎白简洁地回答说她是。
“And that I suppose is one of your sisters.”
“我想那是你的姐妹之一。”
“Yes, madam,” said Mrs. Bennet, delighted to speak to Lady Catherine. “She   is my youngest girl but one. My youngest of all is lately married, and my   eldest is somewhere about the grounds, walking with a young man who, I   believe, will soon become a part of the family.”
“是的，夫人，”Bennet太太高兴地对Lady Catherine说。“她是我最小的女孩，但只有一个。我最年轻的一个是最近结婚的，我的大儿子在附近的一个地方，和一个年轻人一起散步，我相信他很快就会成为这个家庭的一员。
“You have a very small park here,” returned Lady Catherine after a short   silence.
“你在这儿有一个很小的公园，”Lady Catherine沉默了一会儿后回答说。
“It is nothing in comparison of Rosings, my lady, I dare say; but I assure   you it is much larger than Sir William Lucas’s.”
“这是比较罗新斯，没有我的夫人，我敢说；但我向你保证，它比William Lucas大多少。”
“This must be a most inconvenient sitting room for the evening, in summer;   the windows are full west.”
“这一定是晚上最不方便的客厅，夏天，窗户全是西的。”
Mrs. Bennet assured her that they never sat there after dinner, and then   added:
Bennet太太向她保证，他们晚饭后从不坐在那里，然后又加了一句：
“May I take the liberty of asking your ladyship whether you left Mr. and   Mrs. Collins well.”
“我可以问您夫人是否离开Collins先生和太太的自由。”
“Yes, very well. I saw them the night before last.”
“是的，非常好。我前天晚上见过他们。”
Elizabeth now expected that she would produce a letter for her from   Charlotte, as it seemed the only probable motive for her calling. But no   letter appeared, and she was completely puzzled.
伊丽莎白现在希望她能从夏洛特给她写封信，因为这似乎是她打电话的唯一动机。但没有一封信出现，她完全迷惑不解。
Mrs. Bennet, with great civility, begged her ladyship to take some   refreshment; but Lady Catherine very resolutely, and not very politely,   declined eating anything; and then, rising up, said to Elizabeth,
Bennet太太，很有礼貌，请夫人带些点心；但Lady Catherine非常坚决，非常没有礼貌，拒绝吃任何东西；然后，上升了，对伊丽莎白说，
“Miss Bennet, there seemed to be a prettyish kind of a little wilderness   on one side of your lawn. I should be glad to take a turn in it, if you   will favour me with your company.”
“Bennet小姐，似乎有一个可爱的一种小荒野草地的那一头。如果贵公司愿意为我服务，我将乐于接受邀请。
“Go, my dear,” cried her mother, “and show her ladyship about the   different walks. I think she will be pleased with the hermitage.”
“去吧，亲爱的，”她的母亲嚷道，“给夫人的不同。我想她会很高兴与归隐”。
Elizabeth obeyed, and running into her own room for her parasol, attended   her noble guest downstairs. As they passed through the hall, Lady   Catherine opened the doors into the dining-parlour and drawing-room, and   pronouncing them, after a short survey, to be decent looking rooms, walked   on.
伊丽莎白服从了，跑进她自己的房间拿着阳伞，来到楼下的贵宾面前。当他们穿过大厅时，Lady Catherine打开门进入饭厅和客厅，并在简短的调查后，向他们发出了声音，让他们看上去很体面，继续往前走。
Her carriage remained at the door, and Elizabeth saw that her   waiting-woman was in it. They proceeded in silence along the gravel walk   that led to the copse; Elizabeth was determined to make no effort for   conversation with a woman who was now more than usually insolent and   disagreeable.
她的马车停在门口，伊丽莎白看到她等着的女人在里面。他们继续沿小路通向树林的寂静；伊丽莎白决心与女人比往常更傲慢和令人讨厌的谈话没有努力。
“How could I ever think her like her nephew?” said she, as she looked in   her face.
“我怎么能把她当成她的侄子呢？”她看着她的脸说。
As soon as they entered the copse, Lady Catherine began in the following   manner:—
一旦他们进入了树林，Lady Catherine开始以下面的方式：—
“You can be at no loss, Miss Bennet, to understand the reason of my   journey hither. Your own heart, your own conscience, must tell you why I   come.”
“Bennet小姐，你可以毫不犹豫地理解我到这儿来的原因。”。你自己的心，你自己的良心，必须告诉你我为什么来。”
Elizabeth looked with unaffected astonishment.
伊丽莎白吃惊地看着。
“Indeed, you are mistaken, Madam. I have not been at all able to account   for the honour of seeing you here.”
“的确，你弄错了，夫人。我根本没法解释在这儿见到你的荣幸。”
“Miss Bennet,” replied her ladyship, in an angry tone, “you ought to know,   that I am not to be trifled with. But however insincere you may   choose to be, you shall not find me so. My character has ever been   celebrated for its sincerity and frankness, and in a cause of such moment   as this, I shall certainly not depart from it. A report of a most alarming   nature reached me two days ago. I was told that not only your sister was   on the point of being most advantageously married, but that you, that Miss   Elizabeth Bennet, would, in all likelihood, be soon afterwards united to   my nephew, my own nephew, Mr. Darcy. Though I know it must be a   scandalous falsehood, though I would not injure him so much as to suppose   the truth of it possible, I instantly resolved on setting off for this   place, that I might make my sentiments known to you.”
“Bennet小姐，”夫人，很是生气，“你应该知道，我不是好惹的。但不管你选择的是多么的不真诚，你都不会找到我。我的性格一向以其真诚和坦率著称，在这样的时刻，我当然不会背离它。两天前我收到了一份惊人的报告。有人告诉我说，你妹妹不仅要结婚了，而且你，Elizabeth Bennet小姐，很快就要和我的侄儿达西外甥联合起来。虽然我知道这一定是一个可耻的谎言，虽然我不会伤害他这么多，假设它的真相可能，我立即决定出发到这个地方，我可以让我的感情向你知道。
“If you believed it impossible to be true,” said Elizabeth, colouring with   astonishment and disdain, “I wonder you took the trouble of coming so far.   What could your ladyship propose by it?”
“如果你认为这是不可能的，”伊丽莎白带着惊讶和轻蔑的表情说，“我想知道你是不是来了这么远的麻烦。夫人你提出了什么？“
“At once to insist upon having such a report universally contradicted.”
“立刻坚持让这样的报告普遍抵触。”
“Your coming to Longbourn, to see me and my family,” said Elizabeth   coolly, “will be rather a confirmation of it; if, indeed, such a report is   in existence.”
“你来Longbourn，来看看我和我的家人，”伊丽莎白冷冷地说，“会而确认它；如果，事实上，这样的报告是存在的。”
“If! Do you then pretend to be ignorant of it? Has it not been   industriously circulated by yourselves? Do you not know that such a report   is spread abroad?”
“如果！你是不是假装不知道呢？它不是努力散布的吗？你难道不知道这样的报道是传播到国外的吗？“
“I never heard that it was.”
“我从来没听说过。”
“And can you likewise declare, that there is no foundation for it?”
“你能同样宣告它没有根基吗？”“
“I do not pretend to possess equal frankness with your ladyship. You may   ask questions which I shall not choose to answer.”
“我不想假装你老人家一样坦白。你可以问我我不会选择回答的问题。”
“This is not to be borne. Miss Bennet, I insist on being satisfied. Has   he, has my nephew, made you an offer of marriage?”
“这是不能承受的。Bennet小姐，我坚持要满意。他有我的侄子向你求婚吗？“
“Your ladyship has declared it to be impossible.”
“夫人你已经宣布这是不可能的。”
“It ought to be so; it must be so, while he retains the use of his reason.   But your arts and allurements may, in a moment of infatuation, have made   him forget what he owes to himself and to all his family. You may have   drawn him in.”
“应该是这样的，一定是这样的，而他却继续使用他的理由。”。但你的蛊惑，一时的迷恋，使他忘记他欠他自己和他的家庭。你可能把他拉进来了。”
“If I have, I shall be the last person to confess it.”
“如果我有，我将是最后一个承认这件事的人。”
“Miss Bennet, do you know who I am? I have not been accustomed to such   language as this. I am almost the nearest relation he has in the world,   and am entitled to know all his dearest concerns.”
“Bennet小姐，你知道我是谁吗？”我不习惯这样的语言。我几乎是他在这个世界上最亲近的亲戚，我有权知道他最关心的一切。
“But you are not entitled to know mine; nor will such behaviour as this,   ever induce me to be explicit.”
“但是你没有资格了解我的，这种行为也不会让我明白。”
“Let me be rightly understood. This match, to which you have the   presumption to aspire, can never take place. No, never. Mr. Darcy is   engaged to my daughter. Now what have you to say?”
“让我正确地理解。这场比赛，你有向往的愿望，永远不会发生。不，从来没有。达西先生和我女儿订婚了。现在你有什么要说的？“
“Only this; that if he is so, you can have no reason to suppose he will   make an offer to me.”
“只有这样，如果他是这样的话，你就没有理由认为他会向我提出建议。”
Lady Catherine hesitated for a moment, and then replied:
Lady Catherine犹豫了一会儿，然后回答：
“The engagement between them is of a peculiar kind. From their infancy,   they have been intended for each other. It was the favourite wish of his   mother, as well as of hers. While in their cradles, we planned the union:   and now, at the moment when the wishes of both sisters would be   accomplished in their marriage, to be prevented by a young woman of   inferior birth, of no importance in the world, and wholly unallied to the   family! Do you pay no regard to the wishes of his friends? To his tacit   engagement with Miss de Bourgh? Are you lost to every feeling of propriety   and delicacy? Have you not heard me say that from his earliest hours he   was destined for his cousin?”
“他们之间的婚约是一种特殊的关系。从幼年时期起，他们就打算互相帮助。这是他母亲最喜欢的愿望，也是她的愿望。而在他们的发源地，我们计划的联盟：现在，当姐妹俩的愿望会在他们的婚姻中完成的，是一位出身卑微的年轻女子阻止，在世界上没有意义，完全不相关的家庭！你不考虑他朋友的愿望吗？他与de Bourgh小姐心照不宣的婚约？你是否对每一种得体和微妙的感觉迷失了方向？你没听我说过，他从最早的时候就注定要当他的表妹吗？“
“Yes, and I had heard it before. But what is that to me? If there is no   other objection to my marrying your nephew, I shall certainly not be kept   from it by knowing that his mother and aunt wished him to marry Miss de   Bourgh. You both did as much as you could in planning the marriage. Its   completion depended on others. If Mr. Darcy is neither by honour nor   inclination confined to his cousin, why is not he to make another choice?   And if I am that choice, why may not I accept him?”
“是的，我以前也听说过。”。那对我来说是什么？如果没有其他的理由反对我嫁给你的外甥，我当然不会让它知道自己的母亲和姨妈要他娶de Bourgh小姐。你们俩在计划婚姻方面都尽了最大努力。它的完成取决于其他人。如果达西先生既不尊敬他，也不想限制他的表妹，他为什么不作出另一个选择呢？如果我是这样的选择，为什么我不能接受他呢？“
“Because honour, decorum, prudence, nay, interest, forbid it. Yes, Miss   Bennet, interest; for do not expect to be noticed by his family or   friends, if you wilfully act against the inclinations of all. You will be   censured, slighted, and despised, by everyone connected with him. Your   alliance will be a disgrace; your name will never even be mentioned by any   of us.”
“因为荣誉，礼貌，谨慎，不，利益，禁止。是的，Bennet小姐，请注意，如果你故意违反所有人的意愿，不要期望受到家人和朋友的注意。你会被指责，轻视，藐视，每个人都与他有关。你的联盟将是耻辱，你的名字将永远不会被我们任何人提及。”
“These are heavy misfortunes,” replied Elizabeth. “But the wife of Mr.   Darcy must have such extraordinary sources of happiness necessarily   attached to her situation, that she could, upon the whole, have no cause   to repine.”
“这是严重的不幸，”伊丽莎白回答说。“但是，达西先生的妻子一定有非同寻常的一定是爱她的情况下幸福的源泉，她可以，大体上说，没有理由抱怨。”
“Obstinate, headstrong girl! I am ashamed of you! Is this your gratitude   for my attentions to you last spring? Is nothing due to me on that score?   Let us sit down. You are to understand, Miss Bennet, that I came here with   the determined resolution of carrying my purpose; nor will I be dissuaded   from it. I have not been used to submit to any person’s whims. I have not   been in the habit of brooking disappointment.”
倔强任性的女孩！我为你感到羞耻！这就是我去年春天对你的感激之情吗？那不是我的责任吗？让我们坐下来。你要明白，Bennet小姐，我来这里的目的确定承载我的决议；我也不会阻止它。我没有习惯于服从任何人的一时冲动。我一直在追求完美的人”
“That will make your ladyship’s situation at present more pitiable;   but it will have no effect on me.”
“就目前更可怜让您夫人的情况；但对我却不会有任何影响。”
“I will not be interrupted. Hear me in silence. My daughter and my nephew   are formed for each other. They are descended, on the maternal side, from   the same noble line; and, on the father’s, from respectable, honourable,   and ancient—though untitled—families. Their fortune on both   sides is splendid. They are destined for each other by the voice of every   member of their respective houses; and what is to divide them? The upstart   pretensions of a young woman without family, connections, or fortune. Is   this to be endured! But it must not, shall not be. If you were sensible of   your own good, you would not wish to quit the sphere in which you have   been brought up.”
“我不会被打断的。静静地听我说。我女儿和我侄子是天生的一对。他们的后裔，母系，从同一个高贵的血统；和，在父亲，从受人尊敬的，尊敬的，和古代虽然无题的家庭。他们两方面的运气都很好。他们是由各自的家庭成员的声音彼此注定的，是什么将他们分开？一个年轻的女人，没有家庭，连接或财富新贵的自负。这是值得忍受的吗？！但决不能，也不应。如果你意识到自己的好，你就不会想放弃你所抚养的那个领域。
“In marrying your nephew, I should not consider myself as quitting that   sphere. He is a gentleman; I am a gentleman’s daughter; so far we are   equal.”
“嫁给你侄子，我不应该把自己当作退出那个领域。”。他是一位绅士；我是绅士的女儿；到目前为止，我们是平等的。”
“True. You are a gentleman’s daughter. But who was your mother? Who   are your uncles and aunts? Do not imagine me ignorant of their condition.”
“真正的。你是个绅士的女儿。但是你妈妈是谁？你的叔叔阿姨们是谁？别以为我不知道他们的处境。”
“Whatever my connections may be,” said Elizabeth, “if your nephew does not   object to them, they can be nothing to you.”
“不管我的关系如何，”伊丽莎白说，“如果你的侄子不反对他们，他们对你毫无意义。”
“Tell me once for all, are you engaged to him?”
“告诉我一次，你和他订婚了吗？”“
Though Elizabeth would not, for the mere purpose of obliging Lady   Catherine, have answered this question, she could not but say, after a   moment’s deliberation:
虽然伊丽莎白不愿意，为了迫使Lady Catherine单纯的目的，已经回答了这个问题，她也不说，片刻的思考后：
“I am not.”
“我不是。”
Lady Catherine seemed pleased.
Lady Catherine似乎很高兴。
“And will you promise me, never to enter into such an engagement?”
“你答应我，永远不要参加这样的婚约吗？”“
“I will make no promise of the kind.”
“我不会答应这种事的。”
“Miss Bennet I am shocked and astonished. I expected to find a more   reasonable young woman. But do not deceive yourself into a belief that I   will ever recede. I shall not go away till you have given me the assurance   I require.”
“Bennet小姐，我感到震惊和惊讶。我希望找到一个更通情达理的年轻女子。但不要欺骗自己，相信我会永远后退。等你给了我所需的保证，我才离开。”
“And I certainly never shall give it. I am not to be intimidated   into anything so wholly unreasonable. Your ladyship wants Mr. Darcy to   marry your daughter; but would my giving you the wished-for promise make   their marriage at all more probable? Supposing him to be attached to me,   would my refusing to accept his hand make him wish to bestow it on his   cousin? Allow me to say, Lady Catherine, that the arguments with which you   have supported this extraordinary application have been as frivolous as   the application was ill-judged. You have widely mistaken my character, if   you think I can be worked on by such persuasions as these. How far your   nephew might approve of your interference in his affairs, I cannot tell;   but you have certainly no right to concern yourself in mine. I must beg,   therefore, to be importuned no farther on the subject.”
“我决不会给它。我不会被吓到任何完全不合理的事情。你只是一心想要达西先生跟你女儿结婚；但我会给你想要的承诺，使他们的婚姻更可能吗？假如他依附于我，我会拒绝接受他的手，使他愿意把它送给他的表弟吗？请允许我说，Lady Catherine，你支持这个非同寻常的应用程序的论点和应用程序的判断是一样的无聊。你有广泛的误解我的性格，如果你觉得我可以做这样的劝说这些。你侄子能批准你干涉他的事情有多远，我也说不准，但你当然没有权利关心我自己。我必须请求，因此，强求不远的主题。”
“Not so hasty, if you please. I have by no means done. To all the   objections I have already urged, I have still another to add. I am no   stranger to the particulars of your youngest sister’s infamous elopement.   I know it all; that the young man’s marrying her was a patched-up   business, at the expence of your father and uncles. And is such a girl to   be my nephew’s sister? Is her husband, is the son of his late father’s   steward, to be his brother? Heaven and earth!—of what are you   thinking? Are the shades of Pemberley to be thus polluted?”
“不要这么急，如果你愿意的话。我决没有做过。对于我已经提出的所有反对意见，我还有一个要补充的。我是你的小妹妹不要脸私奔的事并不陌生。我万事通；那年轻人娶了她，是一个拼凑的业务，在你的父亲和叔叔的费用。这样的女孩是我侄子的妹妹吗？她的丈夫是他已故父亲的管家的儿子，是他的兄弟吗？天地！-你在想什么？是Pemberley因此受到污染的影子？“
“You can now have nothing further to say,” she resentfully answered. “You   have insulted me in every possible method. I must beg to return to the   house.”
“你现在也没什么好说的，”她忿忿地说。“你用各种可能的方法侮辱了我。我必须请求回到家里。”
And she rose as she spoke. Lady Catherine rose also, and they turned back.   Her ladyship was highly incensed.
她说话时站起身来。Lady Catherine rose也回来了。夫人非常愤怒。
“You have no regard, then, for the honour and credit of my nephew!   Unfeeling, selfish girl! Do you not consider that a connection with you   must disgrace him in the eyes of everybody?”
“那么，你不尊重我侄子的荣誉和信誉。”！冷酷自私的女孩！你不认为与你的关系在每个人的心目中都是丢脸的吗？“
“Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say. You know my sentiments.”
“凯瑟琳夫人，我没有别的话要说了。你知道我的感情。”
“You are then resolved to have him?”
“那么你决定要他？”“
“I have said no such thing. I am only resolved to act in that manner,   which will, in my own opinion, constitute my happiness, without reference   to you, or to any person so wholly unconnected with me.”
“我没有说过这样的话。我只是决心以那种方式行事，在我看来，这将构成我的幸福，不涉及你，也不涉及任何与我完全无关的人。”
“It is well. You refuse, then, to oblige me. You refuse to obey the claims   of duty, honour, and gratitude. You are determined to ruin him in the   opinion of all his friends, and make him the contempt of the world.”
“很好。你拒绝，那么，答应我。你拒绝服从责任、荣誉和感激的要求。你决意要在他所有朋友的意见下毁灭他，使他成为世人的蔑视。”
“Neither duty, nor honour, nor gratitude,” replied Elizabeth, “have any   possible claim on me, in the present instance. No principle of either   would be violated by my marriage with Mr. Darcy. And with regard to the   resentment of his family, or the indignation of the world, if the former   were excited by his marrying me, it would not give me one moment’s   concern—and the world in general would have too much sense to join   in the scorn.”
“既不是责任，也不是荣誉，也不是感激，”伊丽莎白回答说，“在目前的情况下，对我有任何可能的要求。我和达西先生结婚，任何一个原则都不会受到侵犯。至于他的家庭的怨恨，或者世界的愤怒，如果前者对他和我结婚感到兴奋，那就不会给我片刻的担心，整个世界也会有太多的意义加入到嘲笑中去。
“And this is your real opinion! This is your final resolve! Very well. I   shall now know how to act. Do not imagine, Miss Bennet, that your ambition   will ever be gratified. I came to try you. I hoped to find you reasonable;   but, depend upon it, I will carry my point.”
“这是你真正的意见！这是你最后的决心！很好.我现在知道如何行动了。Bennet小姐，不要想象你的野心会得到满足。我来找你。我希望你通情达理，但我相信我会坚持我的观点的。
In this manner Lady Catherine talked on, till they were at the door of the   carriage, when, turning hastily round, she added, “I take no leave of you,   Miss Bennet. I send no compliments to your mother. You deserve no such   attention. I am most seriously displeased.”
Lady Catherine用这种方式说话，直到他们坐在马车的门前，当她匆匆地转身时，她又说：“Bennet小姐，我决不离开你。我不向你母亲致意。你不应该受到这样的关注。我非常不高兴。”
Elizabeth made no answer; and without attempting to persuade her ladyship   to return into the house, walked quietly into it herself. She heard the   carriage drive away as she proceeded up stairs. Her mother impatiently met   her at the door of the dressing-room, to ask why Lady Catherine would not   come in again and rest herself.
伊丽莎白没有回答；没有试图说服夫人回到屋子里，悄悄地走到它自己。她走上楼时听到马车开走了。她母亲不耐烦地在化妆室门口迎接她，问Lady Catherine为什么不再进来休息了。
“She did not choose it,” said her daughter, “she would go.”
“她没有选择，”她的女儿说，“她会去的。”
“She is a very fine-looking woman! and her calling here was prodigiously   civil! for she only came, I suppose, to tell us the Collinses were well.   She is on her road somewhere, I dare say, and so, passing through Meryton,   thought she might as well call on you. I suppose she had nothing   particular to say to you, Lizzy?”
“她是一个非常漂亮的女人！在这里，叫她是好公民！她来了，我想，告诉我们Collinses是好。她在路上的什么地方，我敢说，所以，通过麦里屯，以为她也会打电话给你。我想她有什么特别的话要对你说，Lizzy？“
Elizabeth was forced to give into a little falsehood here; for to   acknowledge the substance of their conversation was impossible.
伊丽莎白被迫在这里撒了一点谎，因为承认他们谈话的实质是不可能的。
Chapter 57
第57章
The discomposure of spirits which this extraordinary visit threw Elizabeth   into, could not be easily overcome; nor could she, for many hours, learn   to think of it less than incessantly. Lady Catherine, it appeared, had   actually taken the trouble of this journey from Rosings, for the sole   purpose of breaking off her supposed engagement with Mr. Darcy. It was a   rational scheme, to be sure! but from what the report of their engagement   could originate, Elizabeth was at a loss to imagine; till she recollected   that his being the intimate friend of Bingley, and her being   the sister of Jane, was enough, at a time when the expectation of one   wedding made everybody eager for another, to supply the idea. She had not   herself forgotten to feel that the marriage of her sister must bring them   more frequently together. And her neighbours at Lucas Lodge, therefore   (for through their communication with the Collinses, the report, she   concluded, had reached Lady Catherine), had only set that down as almost   certain and immediate, which she had looked forward to as possible at some   future time.
心乱精神这不速之客扔给伊丽莎白，不会轻易克服；她也不能，几个小时，学会认为它小于不断。Lady Catherine，它的出现，实际上已经从罗新斯了这个旅程的麻烦，为断她应该参与达西先生的唯一目的。这是一个合理的计划，可以肯定！但是，从他们订婚的报道中，伊丽莎白无法想象，直到她回忆起他是宾利的亲密朋友，她是简的妹妹时，就足够了，在一次婚礼的期待使每个人都渴望另一个的时候，提供了这个想法。她自己也没有忘记，她姐姐的婚姻必须使她们更经常地在一起。和她的邻居在卢卡斯旅馆，因此（通过他们的沟通与Collinses的报告，她得出结论，达到了Lady Catherine），只有集下来几乎一定和直接的，她盼望可能在未来的某个时间。
In revolving Lady Catherine’s expressions, however, she could not help   feeling some uneasiness as to the possible consequence of her persisting   in this interference. From what she had said of her resolution to prevent   their marriage, it occurred to Elizabeth that she must meditate an   application to her nephew; and how he might take a similar   representation of the evils attached to a connection with her, she dared   not pronounce. She knew not the exact degree of his affection for his   aunt, or his dependence on her judgment, but it was natural to suppose   that he thought much higher of her ladyship than she could do; and   it was certain that, in enumerating the miseries of a marriage with one,   whose immediate connections were so unequal to his own, his aunt would   address him on his weakest side. With his notions of dignity, he would   probably feel that the arguments, which to Elizabeth had appeared weak and   ridiculous, contained much good sense and solid reasoning.
然而，在旋转的凯瑟琳夫人的表情中，她不禁感到有些不安，因为她坚持这种干涉可能造成的后果。从她所说的阻止他们结婚的决定中，伊丽莎白想到她必须向她的侄子沉思一个申请，以及他如何能接受与她有关的邪恶的类似代表，她不敢说。她不知道他的姑姑他的感情的精确程度，或其依赖她的判断，但它是自然的假设，他认为要比她能做高夫人的；它是一定的，与一个枚举一个婚姻的不幸，其直接的联系是如此不平等的自己，他的姑姑将他的弱点。有了他的尊严观念，他可能会觉得，伊丽莎白的论点显得软弱可笑，包含了许多道理和坚实的推理。
If he had been wavering before as to what he should do, which had often   seemed likely, the advice and entreaty of so near a relation might settle   every doubt, and determine him at once to be as happy as dignity   unblemished could make him. In that case he would return no more. Lady   Catherine might see him in her way through town; and his engagement to   Bingley of coming again to Netherfield must give way.
如果他一直摇摆不定，之前他所应该做的，往往也可能，建议和恳求的那么近的关系可能会解决所有疑问，并确定他为尊严的快乐能使他。那样的话，他就不再回来了。Lady Catherine可以看到他在她通过镇；和他订婚的宾利再到Netherfield必须让路。
“If, therefore, an excuse for not keeping his promise should come to his   friend within a few days,” she added, “I shall know how to understand it.   I shall then give over every expectation, every wish of his constancy. If   he is satisfied with only regretting me, when he might have obtained my   affections and hand, I shall soon cease to regret him at all.”
她补充说：“因此，如果不遵守诺言的借口，在几天内应该交给他的朋友，我将知道如何理解他的诺言。”。然后，我将放弃他的每一个期望，他的每一个愿望。如果他只对我感到后悔，也许他已经得到了我的爱和手，我很快就会对他后悔的。”
The surprise of the rest of the family, on hearing who their visitor had   been, was very great; but they obligingly satisfied it, with the same kind   of supposition which had appeased Mrs. Bennet’s curiosity; and Elizabeth   was spared from much teasing on the subject.
其他家庭成员的惊喜，听到他们的访客已经是很大的；但他们亲切地满足它，在假设了Bennet夫人的好奇心一样；伊丽莎白被免于更逗的主题。
The next morning, as she was going downstairs, she was met by her father,   who came out of his library with a letter in his hand.
第二天早晨，当她下楼时，她的父亲遇到了他，父亲手里拿着一封信从书房里走了出来。
“Lizzy,” said he, “I was going to look for you; come into my room.”
“Lizzy，”他说，“我正要找你；走进了我的房间。”
She followed him thither; and her curiosity to know what he had to tell   her was heightened by the supposition of its being in some manner   connected with the letter he held. It suddenly struck her that it might be   from Lady Catherine; and she anticipated with dismay all the consequent   explanations.
她跟着他到了那里，她好奇地想知道他要告诉她的是什么，因为她猜想他和他所写的信有某种联系。她突然想到那可能是Lady Catherine的话，她失望地预料到随之而来的种种解释。
She followed her father to the fire place, and they both sat down. He then   said,
她跟着她的父亲去了火的地方，他们俩都坐了下来。然后他说，
“I have received a letter this morning that has astonished me exceedingly.   As it principally concerns yourself, you ought to know its contents. I did   not know before, that I had two daughters on the brink of matrimony. Let   me congratulate you on a very important conquest.”
“我今天早上收到一封信，这使我非常吃惊。因为它主要涉及你自己，你应该知道它的内容。我以前不知道，我有两个女儿即将结婚。让我祝贺你一次重要的征服。”
The colour now rushed into Elizabeth’s cheeks in the instantaneous   conviction of its being a letter from the nephew, instead of the aunt; and   she was undetermined whether most to be pleased that he explained himself   at all, or offended that his letter was not rather addressed to herself;   when her father continued:
这颜色立刻冲进了伊丽莎白的脸颊，这是一种来自侄子的信，而不是姑母的一种信；她不确定他是不是很高兴自己解释了自己的意思，或是觉得自己的信对她自己不太合适：
“You look conscious. Young ladies have great penetration in such matters   as these; but I think I may defy even your sagacity, to discover   the name of your admirer. This letter is from Mr. Collins.”
“你看起来很清醒。年轻的姑娘们对这样的事情非常聪明；但我想我可以无视甚至你的睿智，发现你的仰慕者的名字。这封信是Collins先生寄来的。
“From Mr. Collins! and what can he have to say?”
“来自Collins先生！他还有什么要说的？“
“Something very much to the purpose of course. He begins with   congratulations on the approaching nuptials of my eldest daughter, of   which, it seems, he has been told by some of the good-natured, gossiping   Lucases. I shall not sport with your impatience, by reading what he says   on that point. What relates to yourself, is as follows: ‘Having thus   offered you the sincere congratulations of Mrs. Collins and myself on this   happy event, let me now add a short hint on the subject of another; of   which we have been advertised by the same authority. Your daughter   Elizabeth, it is presumed, will not long bear the name of Bennet, after   her elder sister has resigned it, and the chosen partner of her fate may   be reasonably looked up to as one of the most illustrious personages in   this land.’
“当然是非常有意义的事。他开始对我的大女儿快要出嫁，恭喜你，看来，他已经告诉了一些心地善良，八卦卢卡斯。我不会因为你的不耐烦，而读他在那一点上说的话。与你本人有关的是：“因此，Collins女士和我本人对这一喜事表示衷心的祝贺，现在让我再提一个关于另一个问题的简短提示；我们已经在同一个权威机构上登了广告。据推测，你的女儿伊丽莎白在她姐姐辞职后，不会长期忍受Bennet的名字，而她命运中被选中的伴侣可能被认为是这片土地上最显赫的人物之一。
“Can you possibly guess, Lizzy, who is meant by this? ‘This young   gentleman is blessed, in a peculiar way, with every thing the heart of   mortal can most desire,—splendid property, noble kindred, and   extensive patronage. Yet in spite of all these temptations, let me warn my   cousin Elizabeth, and yourself, of what evils you may incur by a   precipitate closure with this gentleman’s proposals, which, of course, you   will be inclined to take immediate advantage of.’
“你可能会想，Lizzy，谁是这个吗？这位年轻的绅士，以一种奇特的方式，拥有着凡人最渴望得到的一切东西——美好的财产、高贵的亲情和广泛的庇护。然而，尽管有这么多诱惑，我还是要提醒我的表兄伊丽莎白，以及你自己，如果你对这位先生的提议有一个紧急的关闭，你可能会招致什么样的罪恶，当然，你会倾向于立即利用它。
“Have you any idea, Lizzy, who this gentleman is? But now it comes out:
“你知道，Lizzy，这位贵人是谁吗？但现在它出来了：
“‘My motive for cautioning you is as follows. We have reason to imagine   that his aunt, Lady Catherine de Bourgh, does not look on the match with a   friendly eye.’
“我的动机是为警告你。我们有理由认为他的姑姑，凯瑟琳夫人，不看一眼的友好比赛。”
“Mr. Darcy, you see, is the man! Now, Lizzy, I think I have   surprised you. Could he, or the Lucases, have pitched on any man within   the circle of our acquaintance, whose name would have given the lie more   effectually to what they related? Mr. Darcy, who never looks at any woman   but to see a blemish, and who probably never looked at you in his life! It   is admirable!”
“达西先生，你看，是那个人吗？”！现在，Lizzy，我想我有让你惊讶的。可能他，或者不是，把在我们的熟人中任何一个人的名字会让谎言更有效地和他们的关系吗？达西先生从来不看任何女人，只看到一个瑕疵，他一生中可能从未看过你！这是令人钦佩的！“
Elizabeth tried to join in her father’s pleasantry, but could only force   one most reluctant smile. Never had his wit been directed in a manner so   little agreeable to her.
伊丽莎白想参加她父亲的幽默，但非常勉强的微笑。他的智慧从来没有以一种她不太喜欢的方式指引。
“Are you not diverted?”
“你不改行吗？“
“Oh! yes. Pray read on.”
“哦！对.请继续读下去。”
“‘After mentioning the likelihood of this marriage to her ladyship last   night, she immediately, with her usual condescension, expressed what she   felt on the occasion; when it became apparent, that on the score of some   family objections on the part of my cousin, she would never give her   consent to what she termed so disgraceful a match. I thought it my duty to   give the speediest intelligence of this to my cousin, that she and her   noble admirer may be aware of what they are about, and not run hastily   into a marriage which has not been properly sanctioned.’ Mr. Collins   moreover adds, ‘I am truly rejoiced that my cousin Lydia’s sad business   has been so well hushed up, and am only concerned that their living   together before the marriage took place should be so generally known. I   must not, however, neglect the duties of my station, or refrain from   declaring my amazement at hearing that you received the young couple into   your house as soon as they were married. It was an encouragement of vice;   and had I been the rector of Longbourn, I should very strenuously have   opposed it. You ought certainly to forgive them, as a Christian, but never   to admit them in your sight, or allow their names to be mentioned in your   hearing.’ That is his notion of Christian forgiveness! The rest of his   letter is only about his dear Charlotte’s situation, and his expectation   of a young olive-branch. But, Lizzy, you look as if you did not enjoy it.   You are not going to be missish, I hope, and pretend to be   affronted at an idle report. For what do we live, but to make sport for   our neighbours, and laugh at them in our turn?”
“‘提这段婚姻的可能性，夫人昨晚，她立即与她平时谦虚，表示她觉得什么之际；当它变得明显，在一些家庭的反对，我的表妹的分数，她不会给她同意她所说的那么不光彩的一场比赛。我想给这个速度最快的智能我表姐是我的责任，她和她高贵的崇拜者可能意识到它们是什么，而不是急忙跑入婚姻，没有得到适当的认可。”Collins先生还补充说，“我真的很高兴，我的表弟丽迪雅忧郁的业务很好掩盖起来，我只担心他们一起生活在结婚之前发生如此广为人知。但是，我不能忽视我的工作职责，或者不要在听到你一结婚就把那对年轻夫妇送到你家的时候，对我表示惊讶。这是一种鼓励，有副；我是Longbourn的校长，我应该很坚决反对它。你当然应该原谅他们，作为一个基督徒，但千万不要在你的眼中承认他们，或允许他们的名字在你的听觉中被提及！他信中的其余部分只是关于他亲爱的夏洛特的情况，以及他对幼小的橄榄枝的期待。But, Lizzy, you look as if you did not enjoy it.   我希望你不是要矜持，，假装冒犯懒懒的报告。我们活着是为了什么呢？只是为了我们的邻居而运动，然后反过来嘲笑他们呢？“
“Oh!” cried Elizabeth, “I am excessively diverted. But it is so strange!”
“哦！伊丽莎白叫道，“我太过分了。但它是如此奇怪！“
“Yes—that is what makes it amusing. Had they fixed on any   other man it would have been nothing; but his perfect indifference,   and your pointed dislike, make it so delightfully absurd! Much as I   abominate writing, I would not give up Mr. Collins’s correspondence for   any consideration. Nay, when I read a letter of his, I cannot help giving   him the preference even over Wickham, much as I value the impudence and   hypocrisy of my son-in-law. And pray, Lizzy, what said Lady Catherine   about this report? Did she call to refuse her consent?”
“是的，这就是它有趣的原因。”。他们固定在任何其他人也没有什么；但他完美的冷漠，你的指厌恶，让它如此荒诞的快乐！如果真是这样，我不会放弃Collins先生的信件的任何考虑。不，我读到他的信时，我忍不住给他偏好甚至超过威克姆，尽管我的价值和我的女婿虚伪无耻。祈祷，Lizzy所说的关于本报告Lady Catherine？她打电话来拒绝她的同意了吗？“
To this question his daughter replied only with a laugh; and as it had   been asked without the least suspicion, she was not distressed by his   repeating it. Elizabeth had never been more at a loss to make her feelings   appear what they were not. It was necessary to laugh, when she would   rather have cried. Her father had most cruelly mortified her, by what he   said of Mr. Darcy’s indifference, and she could do nothing but wonder at   such a want of penetration, or fear that perhaps, instead of his seeing   too little, she might have fancied too much.
对于这个问题，他的女儿只笑了一声，因为毫无疑问地问了她，她对他重复的话一点也不感到苦恼。伊丽莎白从未失去过让自己的感情显现出来的能力。当她宁愿哭的时候，笑是必要的。她父亲最残酷地羞辱她，他说达西先生的冷漠，她只能这样想透想，或恐惧，也许，而不是他看到的太少了，她可能想太多。
Chapter 58
58章
Instead of receiving any such letter of excuse from his friend, as   Elizabeth half expected Mr. Bingley to do, he was able to bring Darcy with   him to Longbourn before many days had passed after Lady Catherine’s visit.   The gentlemen arrived early; and, before Mrs. Bennet had time to tell him   of their having seen his aunt, of which her daughter sat in momentary   dread, Bingley, who wanted to be alone with Jane, proposed their all   walking out. It was agreed to. Mrs. Bennet was not in the habit of   walking; Mary could never spare time; but the remaining five set off   together. Bingley and Jane, however, soon allowed the others to outstrip   them. They lagged behind, while Elizabeth, Kitty, and Darcy were to   entertain each other. Very little was said by either; Kitty was too much   afraid of him to talk; Elizabeth was secretly forming a desperate   resolution; and perhaps he might be doing the same.
而不是接收来自他的朋友这样的信的借口，伊丽莎白上半年预计宾利先生做的，他能把达西和他去Longbourn前几天有Lady Catherine的访问后，通过。绅士们很早就来了；在Bennet太太有时间告诉他，他们看到他姑母的时候，她女儿一时害怕，宾利想和简单独呆在一起，建议他们走出来。经同意。Bennet太太不习惯走路，玛丽从不抽时间，其余的五个人一起出发。然而宾利和简，很快就让别人超过他们。他们落后了，而伊丽莎白、基蒂和达西则互相款待。两个人都说得很少，基蒂太害怕他说话了；伊丽莎白正秘密地做出一个绝望的决定；也许他也会这么做。
They walked towards the Lucases, because Kitty wished to call upon Maria;   and as Elizabeth saw no occasion for making it a general concern, when   Kitty left them she went boldly on with him alone. Now was the moment for   her resolution to be executed, and, while her courage was high, she   immediately said:
他们向卢卡斯家里走去，因为吉蒂想要召唤玛丽亚；而伊丽莎白觉得用不着的普遍关注，当基蒂离开他们，她就大胆地走出去与他独处。现在是她决心要被处决的时刻，尽管她的勇气很高，但她立刻说：
“Mr. Darcy, I am a very selfish creature; and, for the sake of giving   relief to my own feelings, care not how much I may be wounding yours. I   can no longer help thanking you for your unexampled kindness to my poor   sister. Ever since I have known it, I have been most anxious to   acknowledge to you how gratefully I feel it. Were it known to the rest of   my family, I should not have merely my own gratitude to express.”
“达西先生，我是一个非常自私的人，为了安慰我自己的感情，不要在意我会伤害你多少。”。我再也不能不感激你救了我可怜的妹妹你无可比拟。自从我知道它以来，我一直急切地想感谢你，我是多么感激它。如果我的家人知道的话，我不应该仅仅表达我自己的感激之情。”
“I am sorry, exceedingly sorry,” replied Darcy, in a tone of surprise and   emotion, “that you have ever been informed of what may, in a mistaken   light, have given you uneasiness. I did not think Mrs. Gardiner was so   little to be trusted.”
“非常抱歉，非常抱歉，”达西用一种惊讶和激动的口气回答说，“你曾经被告知，在一个错误的光线下，你可能感到不安。我不认为加德纳太太这么小，不值得信任。”
“You must not blame my aunt. Lydia’s thoughtlessness first betrayed to me   that you had been concerned in the matter; and, of course, I could not   rest till I knew the particulars. Let me thank you again and again, in the   name of all my family, for that generous compassion which induced you to   take so much trouble, and bear so many mortifications, for the sake of   discovering them.”
“你不能怪我姑姑。丽迪雅的第一次背叛了我，你考虑过相关事宜；和，当然，我不能休息直到我知道详情。让我再次感谢你，在我家人的名字，那慷慨的同情，诱导你把这么多的麻烦，并承担如此多的屈辱，为发现他们的缘故。”
“If you will thank me,” he replied, “let it be for yourself alone.   That the wish of giving happiness to you might add force to the other   inducements which led me on, I shall not attempt to deny. But your family   owe me nothing. Much as I respect them, I believe I thought only of you.”
“如果你要感谢我，”他回答说，“就让你自己一个人呆着吧。”。给你带来幸福的愿望可能会给我带来的其他诱因加上力量，我不会否认。但是你的家人不欠我什么。虽然我很尊敬他们，但我相信我只想着你。”
Elizabeth was too much embarrassed to say a word. After a short pause, her   companion added, “You are too generous to trifle with me. If your feelings   are still what they were last April, tell me so at once. My   affections and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence me   on this subject for ever.”
伊丽莎白不好意思说一句话。短暂的停顿之后，她的同伴补充说：“你太大方了，不能和我混在一起。如果你的感觉和去年四月一样，那么马上告诉我。我的感情和愿望不变，但你的一句话将永远使我在这个问题上保持沉默。
Elizabeth, feeling all the more than common awkwardness and anxiety of his   situation, now forced herself to speak; and immediately, though not very   fluently, gave him to understand that her sentiments had undergone so   material a change, since the period to which he alluded, as to make her   receive with gratitude and pleasure his present assurances. The happiness   which this reply produced, was such as he had probably never felt before;   and he expressed himself on the occasion as sensibly and as warmly as a   man violently in love can be supposed to do. Had Elizabeth been able to   encounter his eye, she might have seen how well the expression of   heartfelt delight, diffused over his face, became him; but, though she   could not look, she could listen, and he told her of feelings, which, in   proving of what importance she was to him, made his affection every moment   more valuable.
伊丽莎白，感觉一切都比一般的尴尬和他的处境的焦虑，现在强迫自己说话；立刻，虽然不是很流利，让他明白她的心情已经起了很大的变化，因为他所提到的时期，使她感激地接受他的礼物和快乐的保证。这一回答产生的幸福，是他以前从未有过的，他在这一场合表达了自己的热情和热情。如果伊丽莎白能碰到他的眼睛，她可能会看到他脸上露出发自内心的喜悦的表情是多么的好，但是，尽管她看不见，她还是能倾听，他告诉了她感情，这证明了她对他的重要性，使他的感情每一刻都更有价值。
They walked on, without knowing in what direction. There was too much to   be thought, and felt, and said, for attention to any other objects. She   soon learnt that they were indebted for their present good understanding   to the efforts of his aunt, who did call on him in her return through   London, and there relate her journey to Longbourn, its motive, and the   substance of her conversation with Elizabeth; dwelling emphatically on   every expression of the latter which, in her ladyship’s apprehension,   peculiarly denoted her perverseness and assurance; in the belief that such   a relation must assist her endeavours to obtain that promise from her   nephew which she had refused to give. But, unluckily for her ladyship, its   effect had been exactly contrariwise.
他们继续往前走，不知道朝哪个方向走。有太多的东西无法被思考，感觉到，并说，要注意其他物体。她很快就学会了，他们感激他们理解他的姑妈的努力，谁叫他在她回过伦敦，也与她到Longbourn旅行，其动机，以及她和伊丽莎白谈话的内容；住宅着重后者的每一个表情，在她老人家的忧虑，特别把倔强和保证；在信仰上，这种关系必须协助她努力获得的承诺，从她的侄子，她拒绝给。但是，不幸的是，夫人，它的效果是恰恰相反。
“It taught me to hope,” said he, “as I had scarcely ever allowed myself to   hope before. I knew enough of your disposition to be certain that, had you   been absolutely, irrevocably decided against me, you would have   acknowledged it to Lady Catherine, frankly and openly.”
“它教会了我希望，”他说，“因为我以前从未允许过自己去希望。我很清楚你的性格，如果你绝对地、不可阻挡地决定反对我，你就会坦率地、坦率地向Lady Catherine承认这一点。
Elizabeth coloured and laughed as she replied, “Yes, you know enough of my   frankness to believe me capable of that. After abusing you so   abominably to your face, I could have no scruple in abusing you to all   your relations.”
伊丽莎白笑着说：“是的，你知道我的坦率，相信我能做到这一点。在骂你，可恨的你的脸，我在骂你你所有的关系都不犹豫。”
“What did you say of me, that I did not deserve? For, though your   accusations were ill-founded, formed on mistaken premises, my behaviour to   you at the time had merited the severest reproof. It was unpardonable. I   cannot think of it without abhorrence.”
“你对我说了什么，我不配？因为，虽然你的指控不成立，形成了错误的处所，当时我对你的行为都应该受到最严厉的责备。那是不可原谅的。我是不可原谅的。”
“We will not quarrel for the greater share of blame annexed to that   evening,” said Elizabeth. “The conduct of neither, if strictly examined,   will be irreproachable; but since then, we have both, I hope, improved in   civility.”
伊丽莎白说：“我们不会因为那天晚上承担更多的责任而争吵。”。“如果不进行严格检测，将是无可指责的；但从那时起，我们都有，我希望，有礼貌些了。”
“I cannot be so easily reconciled to myself. The recollection of what I   then said, of my conduct, my manners, my expressions during the whole of   it, is now, and has been many months, inexpressibly painful to me. Your   reproof, so well applied, I shall never forget: ‘had you behaved in a more   gentlemanlike manner.’ Those were your words. You know not, you can   scarcely conceive, how they have tortured me;—though it was some   time, I confess, before I was reasonable enough to allow their justice.”
“我不能如此轻易地甘心于自己。我说过的话的回忆，我的行为，我的举止，我的表情，整个过程中，并已多月了，我说不出的痛。你的责备，那么好，我永远不会忘记：“如果你表现的更绅士的方式。“那是你说的话。你不知道，你几乎想象不出他们是怎样折磨我的，虽然我承认，在我有足够的理由允许他们的公正之前，这是一段时间。
“I was certainly very far from expecting them to make so strong an   impression. I had not the smallest idea of their being ever felt in such a   way.”
“我当然没想到他们会给人留下如此深刻的印象。我一点也不知道他们曾经有过这样的感受。”
“I can easily believe it. You thought me then devoid of every proper   feeling, I am sure you did. The turn of your countenance I shall never   forget, as you said that I could not have addressed you in any possible   way that would induce you to accept me.”
“我很容易相信。你以为我没有任何适当的感觉，我相信你做了。我将永远不会忘记你的脸色，正如你所说的那样，我不可能以任何可能的方式向你讲话，使你接受我。
“Oh! do not repeat what I then said. These recollections will not do at   all. I assure you that I have long been most heartily ashamed of it.”
“哦！不要重复我刚才说的话。这些回忆根本不起作用。我向你保证，我一直对此感到非常惭愧。”
Darcy mentioned his letter. “Did it,” said he, “did it soon make you think   better of me? Did you, on reading it, give any credit to its contents?”
达西提到了他的信。“是的，”他说，“它很快让你对我的评价更高了吗？你读过它的内容吗？“
She explained what its effect on her had been, and how gradually all her   former prejudices had been removed.
她解释了它对她产生的影响，以及她以前的偏见是如何逐渐消除的。
“I knew,” said he, “that what I wrote must give you pain, but it was   necessary. I hope you have destroyed the letter. There was one part   especially, the opening of it, which I should dread your having the power   of reading again. I can remember some expressions which might justly make   you hate me.”
“我知道，”他说，“我写的东西一定会给你带来痛苦，但这是必要的。我希望你把信给毁了。其中有一部分，尤其是它的开场白，我害怕你再次拥有阅读的力量。我记得有些表达方式可能会让你恨我。”
“The letter shall certainly be burnt, if you believe it essential to the   preservation of my regard; but, though we have both reason to think my   opinions not entirely unalterable, they are not, I hope, quite so easily   changed as that implies.”
“这封信一定要烧掉了，如果你认为我将保存它的必要性；但是，尽管我们有理由认为我的观点不是一成不变的，我希望他们不是，那么容易改变，这意味着。”
“When I wrote that letter,” replied Darcy, “I believed myself perfectly   calm and cool, but I am since convinced that it was written in a dreadful   bitterness of spirit.”
“当我写那封信的时候，”达西回答说，“我相信自己是冷静和冷静的，但我相信这是在一种可怕的精神痛苦中写的。”
“The letter, perhaps, began in bitterness, but it did not end so. The   adieu is charity itself. But think no more of the letter. The feelings of   the person who wrote, and the person who received it, are now so widely   different from what they were then, that every unpleasant circumstance   attending it ought to be forgotten. You must learn some of my philosophy.   Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.”
也许这封信是从痛苦中开始的，但它并没有就此结束。告别是慈善本身的。但是不要再去想那封信了。写信的人和收到信的人的感情和现在的人大不相同，每个不愉快的情况都应该被忘记。你必须学习我的一些哲学。只想着过去，因为它的回忆给你带来快乐。
“I cannot give you credit for any philosophy of the kind. Your   retrospections must be so totally void of reproach, that the contentment   arising from them is not of philosophy, but, what is much better, of   innocence. But with me, it is not so. Painful recollections will intrude   which cannot, which ought not, to be repelled. I have been a selfish being   all my life, in practice, though not in principle. As a child I was taught   what was right, but I was not taught to correct my temper. I was given   good principles, but left to follow them in pride and conceit.   Unfortunately an only son (for many years an only child), I was spoilt by   my parents, who, though good themselves (my father, particularly, all that   was benevolent and amiable), allowed, encouraged, almost taught me to be   selfish and overbearing; to care for none beyond my own family circle; to   think meanly of all the rest of the world; to wish at least to think   meanly of their sense and worth compared with my own. Such I was, from   eight to eight and twenty; and such I might still have been but for you,   dearest, loveliest Elizabeth! What do I not owe you! You taught me a   lesson, hard indeed at first, but most advantageous. By you, I was   properly humbled. I came to you without a doubt of my reception. You   showed me how insufficient were all my pretensions to please a woman   worthy of being pleased.”
“我不能以这种哲学来评价你。”。你回顾必须完全无责备，因此他们的满足不是哲学，但是，什么是更好的，天真。但对我来说却不是这样。痛苦的回忆会侵入，而不应该被拒绝。在实践中，我一直是个自私的人，虽然不是原则上的。小时候我被教导什么是对的，但我没有被教导去纠正我的脾气。我被赋予了好的原则，但我还是跟着他们骄傲自大。不幸的是，唯一的儿子（多年来只有一个孩子），我被我的父母，谁，尽管好自己（我的父亲，尤其是仁慈的，和蔼的），允许，鼓励，几乎教我要自私、霸道；照顾都超越了我自己的家庭；想教所有的世界；至少要把看低值得用我自己的比较意识。这样的我，从八到八和二十；而我还是会一直只为你，我最亲爱的，可爱的伊丽莎白！我不欠你什么？！你给我上了一课，起初确实很难，但最有利。在你的帮助下，我得到了应有的谦卑。我毫无疑问地接待了你。你给我的不足都是我的伪装请一个值得高兴的女人。”
“Had you then persuaded yourself that I should?”
“那么你说服了我自己吗？”“
“Indeed I had. What will you think of my vanity? I believed you to be   wishing, expecting my addresses.”
“我确实有。你认为我的虚荣心怎么样？我相信你在许愿，期待着我的地址。”
“My manners must have been in fault, but not intentionally, I assure you.   I never meant to deceive you, but my spirits might often lead me wrong.   How you must have hated me after that evening?”
“我的举止一定是有过错，但不是故意的，我向你保证。我无意欺骗你，但我的精神常会误导我。那天晚上你一定是恨我了？“
“Hate you! I was angry perhaps at first, but my anger soon began to take a   proper direction.”
“恨你！起初我很生气，但我很快就生气了。
“I am almost afraid of asking what you thought of me, when we met at   Pemberley. You blamed me for coming?”
“我简直不敢问你是怎么想我的，当我们在彭伯里见面。你责备我来了？“
“No indeed; I felt nothing but surprise.”
“没有，我只感到惊讶。”
“Your surprise could not be greater than mine in being noticed by   you. My conscience told me that I deserved no extraordinary politeness,   and I confess that I did not expect to receive more than my due.”
“你的惊讶不会比我的更大，因为我被你发现了。”。我的良心告诉我，我不应该有特别的礼貌，我承认我没有期望得到比我应得的更多的东西。”
“My object then,” replied Darcy, “was to show you, by every civility in my   power, that I was not so mean as to resent the past; and I hoped to obtain   your forgiveness, to lessen your ill opinion, by letting you see that your   reproofs had been attended to. How soon any other wishes introduced   themselves I can hardly tell, but I believe in about half an hour after I   had seen you.”
“我的目标，”达西说，“告诉你，在我的每一权力文明，我并不意味着对过去的；我希望得到你的宽恕，以减轻你的恶感，让你看到你的责备已出席。我还说不出什么别的愿望，很快就知道了，但我在见到你半个小时后就相信了。
He then told her of Georgiana’s delight in her acquaintance, and of her   disappointment at its sudden interruption; which naturally leading to the   cause of that interruption, she soon learnt that his resolution of   following her from Derbyshire in quest of her sister had been formed   before he quitted the inn, and that his gravity and thoughtfulness there   had arisen from no other struggles than what such a purpose must   comprehend.
然后他告诉她，Georgiana喜欢她相识，并在其突然中断她的失望；这自然导致，中断的原因，她很快就学会了，他决心跟随她在她姐姐的追求形成了他离开德比郡之前的酒店，并没有其他的斗争，他的出现重力和体贴，有什么比这样一个目的必须理解。
She expressed her gratitude again, but it was too painful a subject to   each, to be dwelt on farther.
她再一次表达了她的感激之情，但这对每个人来说都是一个痛苦的话题。
After walking several miles in a leisurely manner, and too busy to know   anything about it, they found at last, on examining their watches, that it   was time to be at home.
他们悠闲地走了好几英里，忙得连什么都不知道，终于发现了手表，是该回家的时候了。
“What could become of Mr. Bingley and Jane!” was a wonder which introduced   the discussion of their affairs. Darcy was delighted with their   engagement; his friend had given him the earliest information of it.
“宾利先生和简会怎么样？”！这是一个介绍他们事务的奇迹。达西很高兴他们订婚了，他的朋友给了他最早的消息。
“I must ask whether you were surprised?” said Elizabeth.
“我必须问你是否感到惊讶？伊丽莎白说。
“Not at all. When I went away, I felt that it would soon happen.”
“一点也不。当我离开的时候，我觉得很快就会发生。”
“That is to say, you had given your permission. I guessed as much.” And   though he exclaimed at the term, she found that it had been pretty much   the case.
也就是说，你已经得到了你的许可。“我猜得太多了”，尽管他在这个学期里惊呼，但她发现这几乎是如此。
“On the evening before my going to London,” said he, “I made a confession   to him, which I believe I ought to have made long ago. I told him of all   that had occurred to make my former interference in his affairs absurd and   impertinent. His surprise was great. He had never had the slightest   suspicion. I told him, moreover, that I believed myself mistaken in   supposing, as I had done, that your sister was indifferent to him; and as   I could easily perceive that his attachment to her was unabated, I felt no   doubt of their happiness together.”
“在我去伦敦的前一天晚上，”他说，“我向他坦白了，我相信我早该做的。我告诉他所有的发生让我的前任在他的事务的荒谬和不恰当的干扰。他的惊喜是巨大的。他从来没有丝毫怀疑。我告诉他，我还以为我自己错了，以为我姐姐已经对他无动于衷，我很容易看出他对她的依恋有增无减，我毫不怀疑他们俩的幸福在一起。
Elizabeth could not help smiling at his easy manner of directing his   friend.
伊丽莎白忍不住笑了笑，轻松地指挥他的朋友。
“Did you speak from your own observation,” said she, “when you told him   that my sister loved him, or merely from my information last spring?”
“你是从你自己的观察中说出来的吗？”她说，“当你告诉他我妹妹爱他，或者仅仅是我去年春天的消息时。“
“From the former. I had narrowly observed her during the two visits which   I had lately made here; and I was convinced of her affection.”
“从前者。在最近的两次访问中，我勉强地看到了她；我相信她对我的感情。”
“And your assurance of it, I suppose, carried immediate conviction to   him.”
“我想，你对这件事的肯定，马上就使他信服了。”
“It did. Bingley is most unaffectedly modest. His diffidence had prevented   his depending on his own judgment in so anxious a case, but his reliance   on mine made every thing easy. I was obliged to confess one thing, which   for a time, and not unjustly, offended him. I could not allow myself to   conceal that your sister had been in town three months last winter, that I   had known it, and purposely kept it from him. He was angry. But his anger,   I am persuaded, lasted no longer than he remained in any doubt of your   sister’s sentiments. He has heartily forgiven me now.”
“的确如此。宾利是最诚恳谦虚。羞怯妨碍了他根据自己在如此紧张的情况下判断，但他依赖我的每一件事很容易。我被迫承认了一件事，这件事一时而不是不公正地冒犯了他。我不能让自己隐瞒你妹妹去年冬天在城里呆了三个月，我早就知道了，故意瞒着他。他生气了。但我相信，他的怒气已经持续了，他对你妹妹的感情丝毫没有怀疑。他现在衷心地原谅了我。”
Elizabeth longed to observe that Mr. Bingley had been a most delightful   friend; so easily guided that his worth was invaluable; but she checked   herself. She remembered that he had yet to learn to be laughed at, and it   was rather too early to begin. In anticipating the happiness of Bingley,   which of course was to be inferior only to his own, he continued the   conversation till they reached the house. In the hall they parted.
伊丽莎白渴望观察到宾利先生是一位非常令人愉快的朋友；他很容易就明白自己的价值是无价的，但她克制住了自己。她记得他还没有学会笑，现在还太早了。在期待着Bingley的幸福，当然，这是仅次于自己的，他继续交谈，直到他们到达房子。他们在大厅里分手了。
Chapter 59
59章
“My dear Lizzy, where can you have been walking to?” was a question which   Elizabeth received from Jane as soon as she entered their room, and from   all the others when they sat down to table. She had only to say in reply,   that they had wandered about, till she was beyond her own knowledge. She   coloured as she spoke; but neither that, nor anything else, awakened a   suspicion of the truth.
“我亲爱的Lizzy，你在哪里可以走了吗？这是伊丽莎白从简一进入房间就收到的问题，以及所有其他人坐到桌子旁时所收到的问题。她只能回答说，他们四处游荡，直到她超出了自己的知识范围。她说话时带着色彩，但无论是这一点，还是别的什么，都没有引起人们对真理的怀疑。
The evening passed quietly, unmarked by anything extraordinary. The   acknowledged lovers talked and laughed, the unacknowledged were silent.   Darcy was not of a disposition in which happiness overflows in mirth; and   Elizabeth, agitated and confused, rather knew that she was happy   than felt herself to be so; for, besides the immediate   embarrassment, there were other evils before her. She anticipated what   would be felt in the family when her situation became known; she was aware   that no one liked him but Jane; and even feared that with the others it   was a dislike which not all his fortune and consequence might do away.
黄昏悄悄地过去了，没有什么特别的事。公认的情侣有说有笑，不被承认的沉默。达西并不是那种在欢乐中洋溢着幸福的性格，而伊丽莎白又激动又困惑，更确切地知道她是幸福的而不是感到自己是这样的；除了眼前的尴尬之外，还有其他的罪恶在她面前。她预料到她家里的情况会有什么样的感觉；她意识到除了简，没有人喜欢他，甚至害怕和别人在一起，这是一种厌恶，不是他所有的财富和后果都可能消失的。
At night she opened her heart to Jane. Though suspicion was very far from   Miss Bennet’s general habits, she was absolutely incredulous here.
晚上，她向简敞开了心。虽然怀疑是Bennet小姐的一般习惯非常远，她这里绝对是不可思议的。
“You are joking, Lizzy. This cannot be!—engaged to Mr. Darcy! No,   no, you shall not deceive me. I know it to be impossible.”
“你是在开玩笑，Lizzy。这不可能！与达西先生订婚！不，不，你不应该欺骗我。我知道那是不可能的。”
“This is a wretched beginning indeed! My sole dependence was on you; and I   am sure nobody else will believe me, if you do not. Yet, indeed, I am in   earnest. I speak nothing but the truth. He still loves me, and we are   engaged.”
“这真是不幸的开始！我唯一的依赖是你，我相信没有人会相信我，如果你不相信的话。然而，事实上，我是认真的。我只说实话。他仍然爱我，我们订婚了。”
Jane looked at her doubtingly. “Oh, Lizzy! it cannot be. I know how much   you dislike him.”
英半信半疑地看着她。“哦，Lizzy！不可能吧。我知道你有多么讨厌他。”
“You know nothing of the matter. That is all to be forgot. Perhaps   I did not always love him so well as I do now. But in such cases as these,   a good memory is unpardonable. This is the last time I shall ever remember   it myself.”
“你对此事一无所知。那都是被遗忘的。也许我并不总是像现在这样爱他。但在这种情况下，一个好的记忆是不可原谅的。这是我最后一次记得这事了。”
Miss Bennet still looked all amazement. Elizabeth again, and more   seriously assured her of its truth.
Bennet小姐仍然惊愕不已。伊丽莎白又一次严肃地向她保证了真相。
“Good Heaven! can it be really so! Yet now I must believe you,” cried   Jane. “My dear, dear Lizzy, I would—I do congratulate you—but   are you certain? forgive the question—are you quite certain that you   can be happy with him?”
“天堂”！真的会这样吗？！“现在我必须相信你了，”简叫道。“我亲爱的，亲爱的Lizzy，我would-i做祝贺你，但你确定吗？原谅这个问题，你能肯定你能和他在一起吗？“
“There can be no doubt of that. It is settled between us already, that we   are to be the happiest couple in the world. But are you pleased, Jane?   Shall you like to have such a brother?”
“这是毫无疑问的。我们之间已经和解了，我们将成为世界上最幸福的一对。但是你高兴吗，简？你愿意有这样的哥哥吗？“
“Very, very much. Nothing could give either Bingley or myself more   delight. But we considered it, we talked of it as impossible. And do you   really love him quite well enough? Oh, Lizzy! do anything rather than   marry without affection. Are you quite sure that you feel what you ought   to do?”
“非常，非常。没有任何东西能给宾利或我更多的快乐。但我们考虑过，我们说这是不可能的。你真的很爱他吗？哦，Lizzy！不爱结婚不做任何事。你确信你应该做什么吗？“
“Oh, yes! You will only think I feel more than I ought to do, when   I tell you all.”
“哦，是的！只有当我告诉你们所有人的时候，你们才会觉得我比我应该做的事多。
“What do you mean?”
“你什么意思？“
“Why, I must confess that I love him better than I do Bingley. I am afraid   you will be angry.”
“为什么，我必须承认我比宾利更爱他。”。恐怕你会生气的。”
“My dearest sister, now be serious. I want to talk very seriously.   Let me know every thing that I am to know, without delay. Will you tell me   how long you have loved him?”
“我最亲爱的妹妹，现在严肃点。我想认真地谈一谈。让我知道我所知道的每件事，不要耽搁。你能告诉我你爱他多久了吗？“
“It has been coming on so gradually, that I hardly know when it began. But   I believe I must date it from my first seeing his beautiful grounds at   Pemberley.”
“这件事进展得如此缓慢，我简直不知道什么时候开始的。但我相信我必须日期从我第一次看到他在Pemberley美丽的理由。”
Another entreaty that she would be serious, however, produced the desired   effect; and she soon satisfied Jane by her solemn assurances of   attachment. When convinced on that article, Miss Bennet had nothing   further to wish.
另一个恳求，她会是严重的，产生了预期的效果；她很快满足简被她的庄严保证附件。Bennet小姐对那篇文章深信不疑，没有别的希望。
“Now I am quite happy,” said she, “for you will be as happy as myself. I   always had a value for him. Were it for nothing but his love of you, I   must always have esteemed him; but now, as Bingley’s friend and your   husband, there can be only Bingley and yourself more dear to me. But   Lizzy, you have been very sly, very reserved with me. How little did you   tell me of what passed at Pemberley and Lambton! I owe all that I know of   it to another, not to you.”
“现在我很高兴，”她说，“因为你会和我一样快乐。”。我一直对他有价值。如果不是因为他对你的爱，我必须一直尊敬他；但是现在，作为宾利的朋友和你的丈夫，我只会对宾利和你更为亲切。但是，Lizzy，你太狡猾了，很矜持的我。你怎么不告诉我发生了什么事在彭伯里和Lambton！我所知道的一切都归功于另一个人，而不是你。”
Elizabeth told her the motives of her secrecy. She had been unwilling to   mention Bingley; and the unsettled state of her own feelings had made her   equally avoid the name of his friend. But now she would no longer conceal   from her his share in Lydia’s marriage. All was acknowledged, and half the   night spent in conversation.
伊丽莎白告诉她保守秘密的动机。她不愿提及宾利；她自己感情上的不安使她同样回避他的朋友的名字。但现在她不再隐瞒她在丽迪雅的婚姻中所占的份额。大家都承认，一半的时间花在谈话上。
“Good gracious!” cried Mrs. Bennet, as she stood at a window the next   morning, “if that disagreeable Mr. Darcy is not coming here again with our   dear Bingley! What can he mean by being so tiresome as to be always coming   here? I had no notion but he would go a-shooting, or something or other,   and not disturb us with his company. What shall we do with him? Lizzy, you   must walk out with him again, that he may not be in Bingley’s way.”
“仁慈的！第二天早晨，Bennet太太站在窗前，嚷道：“如果那个讨厌的达西先生再不跟我们亲爱的宾利来这儿的话！他这么无聊，总是来这儿，这是什么意思？我没有概念，但他会a-shooting，或什么的，不打扰我们与他的公司。我们拿他怎么办？Lizzy，你要再次离开他，他可能不是宾利的方式。”
Elizabeth could hardly help laughing at so convenient a proposal; yet was   really vexed that her mother should be always giving him such an epithet.
伊丽莎白几乎笑如此方便的建议帮助；但真的很烦，她妈妈总是给他这样一个绰号。
As soon as they entered, Bingley looked at her so expressively, and shook   hands with such warmth, as left no doubt of his good information; and he   soon afterwards said aloud, “Mrs. Bennet, have you no more lanes   hereabouts in which Lizzy may lose her way again to-day?”
一旦他们进入，宾利看着她如此传神，与温暖的握手，便断定他良好的信息；他不久就大声说，“Bennet太太，你有没有更多的车道附近，Lizzy可能失去她了呢？“
“I advise Mr. Darcy, and Lizzy, and Kitty,” said Mrs. Bennet, “to walk to   Oakham Mount this morning. It is a nice long walk, and Mr. Darcy has never   seen the view.”
“我告诉达西先生，Lizzy和凯蒂，”Bennet太太说，“今天上午都上奥克汉山去。这是一次很长的散步，达西先生从来没有看到过这景色。
“It may do very well for the others,” replied Mr. Bingley; “but I am sure   it will be too much for Kitty. Won’t it, Kitty?” Kitty owned that she had   rather stay at home. Darcy professed a great curiosity to see the view   from the Mount, and Elizabeth silently consented. As she went up stairs to   get ready, Mrs. Bennet followed her, saying:
“这可能对其他人很好，”宾利先生回答说，“但我相信这对基蒂来说太过分了。”。不是吗，基蒂？基蒂承认她宁愿呆在家里。达西表示非常渴望看到Mount的景色，伊丽莎白默默地同意了。当她上楼准备的时候，Bennet太太跟在她后面说：
“I am quite sorry, Lizzy, that you should be forced to have that   disagreeable man all to yourself. But I hope you will not mind it: it is   all for Jane’s sake, you know; and there is no occasion for talking to   him, except just now and then. So, do not put yourself to inconvenience.”
“我很抱歉，Lizzy，你必须跟那个讨厌的人都是你的。但我希望你不要介意：这全是为了简的缘故，你知道，除了偶尔，他没有机会跟他说话。所以，不要给自己带来不便。
During their walk, it was resolved that Mr. Bennet’s consent should be   asked in the course of the evening. Elizabeth reserved to herself the   application for her mother’s. She could not determine how her mother would   take it; sometimes doubting whether all his wealth and grandeur would be   enough to overcome her abhorrence of the man. But whether she were   violently set against the match, or violently delighted with it, it was   certain that her manner would be equally ill adapted to do credit to her   sense; and she could no more bear that Mr. Darcy should hear the first   raptures of her joy, than the first vehemence of her disapprobation.
在步行途中，他们决定在晚上要征求Bennet先生的同意。由伊丽莎白自己去申请她母亲。她不知道她的母亲会把它；有时怀疑他所有的财富和伟大足以克服她深恶痛绝的人。但她是否都强烈反对匹配，或猛烈地喜欢它，这是一定的，她的态度也同样不适合她，她感觉做信用；不能忍受达西先生听到她的快乐第一欣喜若狂，她不比第一的气势。
In the evening, soon after Mr. Bennet withdrew to the library, she saw Mr.   Darcy rise also and follow him, and her agitation on seeing it was   extreme. She did not fear her father’s opposition, but he was going to be   made unhappy; and that it should be through her means—that she,   his favourite child, should be distressing him by her choice, should be   filling him with fears and regrets in disposing of her—was a   wretched reflection, and she sat in misery till Mr. Darcy appeared again,   when, looking at him, she was a little relieved by his smile. In a few   minutes he approached the table where she was sitting with Kitty; and,   while pretending to admire her work said in a whisper, “Go to your father,   he wants you in the library.” She was gone directly.
晚上，Bennet先生回到图书馆后不久，她看见达西先生也跟着他站起来，看到她激动极了。她并不是怕父亲反对，但他会不高兴；而应该通过她意味着她，他最喜欢的孩子，应该是痛苦的他，她的选择，应该是他在处理她的恐惧和遗憾是一个可怜的反射，和她坐在痛苦直到达西先生再次出现时，看着他，她有点被他的微笑释怀。过了几分钟，他走到她和基蒂坐在一起的桌子旁，假装在欣赏她的作品时低声说：“去你父亲那儿，他要你去图书馆。”她直接走了。
Her father was walking about the room, looking grave and anxious. “Lizzy,”   said he, “what are you doing? Are you out of your senses, to be accepting   this man? Have not you always hated him?”
她父亲在房间里走来走去，显得严肃而焦虑。“Lizzy，”他说，“你在干什么？你是不是疯了，接受这个男人？你不是一直恨他吗？“
How earnestly did she then wish that her former opinions had been more   reasonable, her expressions more moderate! It would have spared her from   explanations and professions which it was exceedingly awkward to give; but   they were now necessary, and she assured him, with some confusion, of her   attachment to Mr. Darcy.
她当时多么热切地希望她以前的观点更合理些，她的表情更温和些！这将使她免于作出解释和职业，这是非常尴尬的，但现在是必要的，她对他对达西先生的依恋感到有些困惑。
“Or, in other words, you are determined to have him. He is rich, to be   sure, and you may have more fine clothes and fine carriages than Jane. But   will they make you happy?”
或者，换句话说，你决定要他。他确实很富有，你可能有比简更漂亮的衣服和更好的马车。但他们会让你快乐吗？“
“Have you any other objection,” said Elizabeth, “than your belief of my   indifference?”
“你还有什么反对意见吗？”伊丽莎白说，“比你相信我的冷漠更重要。”“
“None at all. We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but   this would be nothing if you really liked him.”
“一点也没有。我们都知道他是一个傲慢、不讨人喜欢的人，但如果你真的喜欢他，那就毫无意义了。
“I do, I do like him,” she replied, with tears in her eyes, “I love him.   Indeed he has no improper pride. He is perfectly amiable. You do not know   what he really is; then pray do not pain me by speaking of him in such   terms.”
“我喜欢，我真的喜欢他，”她含着眼泪回答道，“我爱他。”。的确，他没有傲慢。他非常和蔼可亲。你不知道他是什么样的人，求你用这样的话来安慰我。
“Lizzy,” said her father, “I have given him my consent. He is the kind of   man, indeed, to whom I should never dare refuse anything, which he   condescended to ask. I now give it to you, if you are resolved on   having him. But let me advise you to think better of it. I know your   disposition, Lizzy. I know that you could be neither happy nor   respectable, unless you truly esteemed your husband; unless you looked up   to him as a superior. Your lively talents would place you in the greatest   danger in an unequal marriage. You could scarcely escape discredit and   misery. My child, let me not have the grief of seeing you unable to   respect your partner in life. You know not what you are about.”
“Lizzy，”她的父亲说，“我给了他我的同意。他是那种人，真的，我绝不敢拒绝的话，他屈尊问。如果你决定要他，我现在就把它给你。但我建议你好好想想。我知道你的性格，Lizzy。我知道，除非你真正尊重你的丈夫，否则你既不幸福也不可敬，除非你把他看作是一个优越的人。你活泼的才能会把你置于不平等婚姻的最大危险中。你简直无法逃避名誉和痛苦。我的孩子，让我不要因为看到你无法尊重你的伴侣而感到悲伤。你不知道你在说什么。”
Elizabeth, still more affected, was earnest and solemn in her reply; and   at length, by repeated assurances that Mr. Darcy was really the object of   her choice, by explaining the gradual change which her estimation of him   had undergone, relating her absolute certainty that his affection was not   the work of a day, but had stood the test of many months’ suspense, and   enumerating with energy all his good qualities, she did conquer her   father’s incredulity, and reconcile him to the match.
伊丽莎白更加感动，便非常认真、严肃地回答他的话；最后，通过反复的保证，达西先生真的是她所选择的对象，通过对渐变，她估计他经历了，关于她绝对相信他的感情不是一天的工作，但已许多个月的悬念的考验，并列举能量他所有的优秀品质，她征服了她父亲的怀疑，并使他比赛。
“Well, my dear,” said he, when she ceased speaking, “I have no more to   say. If this be the case, he deserves you. I could not have parted with   you, my Lizzy, to anyone less worthy.”
“好吧，亲爱的，”当她停止说话时，他说，“我没有什么话要说了。如果是这样的话，他配得上你。我不可能和你分开，my Lizzy，任何人不值得的。”
To complete the favourable impression, she then told him what Mr. Darcy   had voluntarily done for Lydia. He heard her with astonishment.
为了给他留下好印象，她告诉他达西先生自愿为丽迪雅做了什么。他惊讶地听到她说。
“This is an evening of wonders, indeed! And so, Darcy did every thing;   made up the match, gave the money, paid the fellow’s debts, and got him   his commission! So much the better. It will save me a world of trouble and   economy. Had it been your uncle’s doing, I must and would have paid   him; but these violent young lovers carry every thing their own way. I   shall offer to pay him to-morrow; he will rant and storm about his love   for you, and there will be an end of the matter.”
这真是个奇迹之夜！于是，达西做了每一件事，做了比赛，付了钱，还清了那家伙的债，还给了他佣金！好多了。它将拯救我一个充满麻烦和经济的世界。如果是你叔叔的话，我一定会付钱给他，但这些年轻的年轻情人却我行我素。我愿意明天付钱给他，他会咆哮着，对他说：“他对你的爱会结束的。”
He then recollected her embarrassment a few days before, on his reading   Mr. Collins’s letter; and after laughing at her some time, allowed her at   last to go—saying, as she quitted the room, “If any young men come   for Mary or Kitty, send them in, for I am quite at leisure.”
接着，他想起了几天前她在读Collins先生的信时的尴尬；在笑了她一段时间后，她终于离开了房间，说：“如果有年轻人来找玛丽或基蒂，送他们进来，因为我很清闲。”
Elizabeth’s mind was now relieved from a very heavy weight; and, after   half an hour’s quiet reflection in her own room, she was able to join the   others with tolerable composure. Every thing was too recent for gaiety,   but the evening passed tranquilly away; there was no longer anything   material to be dreaded, and the comfort of ease and familiarity would come   in time.
伊丽莎白的心情减轻了一个沉重的负担，在她自己的房间里静静地思考了半个小时之后，她可以平静地和其他人在一起了。每件事太近的欢乐，但晚上平静了；不再有任何物质的东西是可怕的，和放松和熟悉的舒适会在时间。
When her mother went up to her dressing-room at night, she followed her,   and made the important communication. Its effect was most extraordinary;   for on first hearing it, Mrs. Bennet sat quite still, and unable to utter   a syllable. Nor was it under many, many minutes that she could comprehend   what she heard; though not in general backward to credit what was for the   advantage of her family, or that came in the shape of a lover to any of   them. She began at length to recover, to fidget about in her chair, get   up, sit down again, wonder, and bless herself.
当她妈妈晚上去她的化妆室时，她跟着她，进行了重要的交流。它的效果非常特别，因为第一次听到，Bennet夫人静静地坐着，一个音节也说不出来。也不是在许多，许多分钟，她可以理解她所听到的，虽然不是一般地向后倾斜什么是为了她的家庭的优势，或是形成一个情人的形状，其中任何一个。到最后她才恢复，烦躁不安在她的椅子，站起来，又坐下，想，又为自己祝福。
“Good gracious! Lord bless me! only think! dear me! Mr. Darcy! Who would   have thought it! And is it really true? Oh! my sweetest Lizzy! how rich   and how great you will be! What pin-money, what jewels, what carriages you   will have! Jane’s is nothing to it—nothing at all. I am so pleased—so   happy. Such a charming man!—so handsome! so tall!—Oh, my dear   Lizzy! pray apologise for my having disliked him so much before. I hope he   will overlook it. Dear, dear Lizzy. A house in town! Every thing that is   charming! Three daughters married! Ten thousand a year! Oh, Lord! What   will become of me. I shall go distracted.”
“仁慈的！上帝保佑我！只想！亲爱的我！达西先生！谁会想到呢？！这是真的吗？哦!我最爱的Lizzy！你会多么富有，多么伟大！什么零花钱，什么珠宝，什么马车？！简一点也不算什么。我很高兴这么高兴。如此迷人的男子！-太英俊了！那么高！哦，我亲爱的Lizzy！请为我以前不喜欢他道歉。我希望他会忽视它。亲爱的，亲爱的Lizzy。城里的一所房子！一切迷人的事物！三个女儿结婚了！一万零一年！哦，上帝！我会怎么样？。我会心烦意乱的。”
This was enough to prove that her approbation need not be doubted: and   Elizabeth, rejoicing that such an effusion was heard only by herself, soon   went away. But before she had been three minutes in her own room, her   mother followed her.
这足以证明她的赞许是毋庸置疑的：伊丽莎白高兴地听到这种积液只能听到她自己的声音，很快就消失了。但在她在自己的房间里呆了三分钟之前，她母亲跟着她。
“My dearest child,” she cried, “I can think of nothing else! Ten thousand   a year, and very likely more! ‘Tis as good as a Lord! And a special   licence. You must and shall be married by a special licence. But my   dearest love, tell me what dish Mr. Darcy is particularly fond of, that I   may have it to-morrow.”
“我最亲爱的孩子，”她喊道，“我想不出别的什么了！一万零一年，很可能更多！像上帝一样好！和特别许可证。你必须而且必须以特别许可结婚。但是我最亲爱的，告诉我达西先生特别喜欢什么菜，我明天就可以吃了。
This was a sad omen of what her mother’s behaviour to the gentleman   himself might be; and Elizabeth found that, though in the certain   possession of his warmest affection, and secure of her relations’ consent,   there was still something to be wished for. But the morrow passed off much   better than she expected; for Mrs. Bennet luckily stood in such awe of her   intended son-in-law that she ventured not to speak to him, unless it was   in her power to offer him any attention, or mark her deference for his   opinion.
这是她母亲对这位绅士自己的行为的一个可悲的预兆；伊丽莎白发现，尽管他有着最热烈的感情，并得到了她关系上的同意，但还是有希望的。但是，明天的结局比她预料的要好得多，因为Bennet太太幸运地站在她对女婿的敬畏之心上，她不敢和他说话，除非她有权力给予他任何注意，或者表示她对他的意见的尊重。
Elizabeth had the satisfaction of seeing her father taking pains to get   acquainted with him; and Mr. Bennet soon assured her that he was rising   every hour in his esteem.
伊丽莎白看到父亲煞费苦心地与他相识，感到很满足；Bennet先生很快就向她保证，他每小时都在尊敬他。
“I admire all my three sons-in-law highly,” said he. “Wickham, perhaps, is   my favourite; but I think I shall like your husband quite as well   as Jane’s.”
“我非常钦佩我的三个儿子，”他说。“也许威克姆是我的最爱，但我想我会像简一样喜欢你的丈夫。”
Chapter 60
60章
Elizabeth’s spirits soon rising to playfulness again, she wanted Mr. Darcy   to account for his having ever fallen in love with her. “How could you   begin?” said she. “I can comprehend your going on charmingly, when you had   once made a beginning; but what could set you off in the first place?”
伊丽莎白的精神很快又恢复了理智，她希望达西先生解释一下他是否曾经爱上过她。“你怎么能开始？她说。“我能理解你要迷人，当你曾经开端；但什么可以让你去的地方？“
“I cannot fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look, or the words, which   laid the foundation. It is too long ago. I was in the middle before I knew   that I had begun.”
“我无法确定时间，或地点，或外观，或文字，奠定了基础。那是很久以前的事了。我还没知道我已经开始了，就在中间。”
“My beauty you had early withstood, and as for my manners—my   behaviour to you was at least always bordering on the uncivil, and   I never spoke to you without rather wishing to give you pain than not. Now   be sincere; did you admire me for my impertinence?”
“我的美你早了，至于我的方式我的行为对你至少不是怎么有礼貌，我没说你没有很想给你的痛苦不是。现在是真诚的；你羡慕我的无礼？“
“For the liveliness of your mind, I did.”
“为了你活泼的头脑，我做到了。”
“You may as well call it impertinence at once. It was very little less.   The fact is, that you were sick of civility, of deference, of officious   attention. You were disgusted with the women who were always speaking, and   looking, and thinking for your approbation alone. I roused, and   interested you, because I was so unlike them. Had you not been   really amiable, you would have hated me for it; but in spite of the pains   you took to disguise yourself, your feelings were always noble and just;   and in your heart, you thoroughly despised the persons who so assiduously   courted you. There—I have saved you the trouble of accounting for   it; and really, all things considered, I begin to think it perfectly   reasonable. To be sure, you knew no actual good of me—but nobody   thinks of that when they fall in love.”
“你还不如说是一次不。很少有那么少。事实是，你病了礼貌，尊重，殷勤多礼。你讨厌那些总是说话、看着、想着你的赞许的女人。我醒了，引起了你的兴趣，因为我和他们不一样。如果你不是真的很可爱，你会恨我的，但尽管你为掩饰自己的痛苦，你的感情总是高尚和公正的；在你的心中，你完全鄙视那些如此殷勤地追求你的人。我救了你占它的麻烦；真的，所有的事情考虑，我开始觉得这完全合理。可以肯定的是，你根本不知道我有多好，但是当他们坠入爱河时，没有人会想到这一点。
“Was there no good in your affectionate behaviour to Jane while she was   ill at Netherfield?”
“没有好你的关爱行为的简在她在Netherfield生病了吗？“
“Dearest Jane! who could have done less for her? But make a virtue of it   by all means. My good qualities are under your protection, and you are to   exaggerate them as much as possible; and, in return, it belongs to me to   find occasions for teasing and quarrelling with you as often as may be;   and I shall begin directly by asking you what made you so unwilling to   come to the point at last. What made you so shy of me, when you first   called, and afterwards dined here? Why, especially, when you called, did   you look as if you did not care about me?”
“亲爱的简！谁能为她做得更少呢？但无论如何要利用它。我的好品质在你的保护下，你要尽可能地夸大它们；作为回报，它是属于我的，经常找你和你争吵和争吵；我会直接问你是什么让你如此不愿意最后到达目的地的。你第一次打电话来，后来在这儿吃饭时，是什么让你如此害羞？尤其是当你打电话来的时候，你看起来好像不在乎我吗？“
“Because you were grave and silent, and gave me no encouragement.”
“因为你严肃而沉默，没有给我鼓励。”
“But I was embarrassed.”
“但是我很尴尬。”
“And so was I.”
“I.也是。”
“You might have talked to me more when you came to dinner.”
“你来吃饭的时候，可以多跟我谈一谈。”
“A man who had felt less, might.”
“一个感觉不到的人，也许。”
“How unlucky that you should have a reasonable answer to give, and that I   should be so reasonable as to admit it! But I wonder how long you would   have gone on, if you had been left to yourself. I wonder when you would   have spoken, if I had not asked you! My resolution of thanking you for   your kindness to Lydia had certainly great effect. Too much, I am   afraid; for what becomes of the moral, if our comfort springs from a   breach of promise? for I ought not to have mentioned the subject. This   will never do.”
“你应该有一个合理的回答，这是多么不幸的事，我应该如此合理地承认这一点。”！但我想知道如果你被留下来，你会活多久。我不知道你什么时候会开口，如果我没有问你的话！我感谢你对丽迪雅的好意，我的决定确实起了很大作用。太多了，我担心，如果我们的安慰来自于违背诺言，那会变成什么样的道德呢？我本不该提这个题目的。这永远也做不到。”
“You need not distress yourself. The moral will be perfectly fair. Lady   Catherine’s unjustifiable endeavours to separate us were the means of   removing all my doubts. I am not indebted for my present happiness to your   eager desire of expressing your gratitude. I was not in a humour to wait   for any opening of yours. My aunt’s intelligence had given me hope, and I   was determined at once to know every thing.”
“你不必为自己苦恼。这种道德是完全公正的。Lady Catherine的蛮不讲理让我们分离了我所有的疑虑的方法去除。我对你现在的幸福不感兴趣，因为你渴望表达你的感激之情。我没心情等你开口。我姑姑的智慧给了我希望，我决心立刻知道每一件事。
“Lady Catherine has been of infinite use, which ought to make her happy,   for she loves to be of use. But tell me, what did you come down to   Netherfield for? Was it merely to ride to Longbourn and be embarrassed? or   had you intended any more serious consequence?”
凯瑟琳夫人有无穷的用途，这应该使她高兴，因为她喜欢使用。但是告诉我，你来Netherfield做什么？只是骑到Longbourn，感到尴尬？或者你打算有更严重的后果？“
“My real purpose was to see you, and to judge, if I could, whether   I might ever hope to make you love me. My avowed one, or what I avowed to   myself, was to see whether your sister were still partial to Bingley, and   if she were, to make the confession to him which I have since made.”
“我的真正目的是要见到你，并判断，如果我能，我是否可能希望使你爱我。我承认，我承认我自己，是为了看看你姐姐还偏要宾利，如果她向他告白，让我已经做了。”
“Shall you ever have courage to announce to Lady Catherine what is to   befall her?”
“你有勇气向Lady Catherine宣布她将面临什么吗？”“
“I am more likely to want more time than courage, Elizabeth. But it ought   to be done, and if you will give me a sheet of paper, it shall be done   directly.”
伊丽莎白说：“我更需要时间而不是勇气。但是应该这样做，如果你给我一张纸，那就直接做。”
“And if I had not a letter to write myself, I might sit by you and admire   the evenness of your writing, as another young lady once did. But I have   an aunt, too, who must not be longer neglected.”
“如果我没有写信给自己，我可能会坐在你身边，欣赏你写作的流畅，就像另一位年轻女士所做的那样。”。但是我也有一个姑姑，不能再被忽视了。”
From an unwillingness to confess how much her intimacy with Mr. Darcy had   been over-rated, Elizabeth had never yet answered Mrs. Gardiner’s long   letter; but now, having that to communicate which she knew would be   most welcome, she was almost ashamed to find that her uncle and aunt had   already lost three days of happiness, and immediately wrote as follows:
从不愿承认自己多么亲密与达西先生已超过额定，伊丽莎白从来没有说加德纳夫人的一封长信；但是现在，有沟通，她知道这将是最受欢迎的，她几乎是羞愧地发现，她的叔叔和阿姨已经失去了三天的幸福，并立即写了如下：
“I would have thanked you before, my dear aunt, as I ought to have done,   for your long, kind, satisfactory, detail of particulars; but to say the   truth, I was too cross to write. You supposed more than really existed.   But now suppose as much as you choose; give a loose rein to your   fancy, indulge your imagination in every possible flight which the subject   will afford, and unless you believe me actually married, you cannot   greatly err. You must write again very soon, and praise him a great deal   more than you did in your last. I thank you, again and again, for not   going to the Lakes. How could I be so silly as to wish it! Your idea of   the ponies is delightful. We will go round the Park every day. I am the   happiest creature in the world. Perhaps other people have said so before,   but not one with such justice. I am happier even than Jane; she only   smiles, I laugh. Mr. Darcy sends you all the love in the world that he can   spare from me. You are all to come to Pemberley at Christmas. Yours, etc.”
“我本来应该感谢你，我亲爱的姑妈，我本应这样做，因为你的长期、善良、令人满意、详细的细节；但说实在的，我实在是太过分了，不能写信了。你认为真的不存在。但现在你可以随意选择，尽情放纵你的幻想，尽情想象你所能承受的每一次飞行，除非你相信我真的结婚了，否则你不会犯很大的错误。你必须很快再写一封信，表扬他比你上次做的还要多。我一次又一次地感谢你不去那些湖泊。我怎么能如此愚蠢地希望它呢？！你对小马的看法是令人愉快的。我们每天都要绕着公园转一圈。我是世界上最幸福的人。也许以前有人说过这样的话，但没有一个人这样说。我比简更幸福，她只笑，我笑。达西先生把世界上所有的爱都送给你，是他可以从我身上得到的。你们都在圣诞节给Pemberley来。你的，等等
Mr. Darcy’s letter to Lady Catherine was in a different style; and still   different from either was what Mr. Bennet sent to Mr. Collins, in reply to   his last.
达西先生给Lady Catherine的信风格不同，与Bennet先生寄给Collins先生的信不同。
“DEAR SIR,
“亲爱的先生，
“I must trouble you once more for congratulations. Elizabeth will soon be   the wife of Mr. Darcy. Console Lady Catherine as well as you can. But, if   I were you, I would stand by the nephew. He has more to give.
“我必须再一次麻烦你，祝贺你。”。伊丽莎白不久将成为达西先生的妻子。你也可以安慰Lady Catherine。但是，如果我是你，我会站在侄子旁边。他有更多的东西要给。
“Yours sincerely, etc.”
“您真诚的，等等”
Miss Bingley’s congratulations to her brother, on his approaching   marriage, were all that was affectionate and insincere. She wrote even to   Jane on the occasion, to express her delight, and repeat all her former   professions of regard. Jane was not deceived, but she was affected; and   though feeling no reliance on her, could not help writing her a much   kinder answer than she knew was deserved.
宾利小姐对她哥哥即将到来的婚姻表示祝贺，这一切都是深情而虚伪的。她甚至在那时候写信给简，表达她的喜悦，并重复她以前所有的职业。简没有受骗，但她受到了影响；尽管她不信任她，但也忍不住给她写了一封比她知道的更为仁慈的答复。
The joy which Miss Darcy expressed on receiving similar information, was   as sincere as her brother’s in sending it. Four sides of paper were   insufficient to contain all her delight, and all her earnest desire of   being loved by her sister.
达西小姐在收到类似信息时表达的喜悦，和她哥哥寄来的一样真诚。四页纸不足以容纳她所有的快乐，还有她妹妹渴望得到的全部渴望。
Before any answer could arrive from Mr. Collins, or any congratulations to   Elizabeth from his wife, the Longbourn family heard that the Collinses   were come themselves to Lucas Lodge. The reason of this sudden removal was   soon evident. Lady Catherine had been rendered so exceedingly angry by the   contents of her nephew’s letter, that Charlotte, really rejoicing in the   match, was anxious to get away till the storm was blown over. At such a   moment, the arrival of her friend was a sincere pleasure to Elizabeth,   though in the course of their meetings she must sometimes think the   pleasure dearly bought, when she saw Mr. Darcy exposed to all the parading   and obsequious civility of her husband. He bore it, however, with   admirable calmness. He could even listen to Sir William Lucas, when he   complimented him on carrying away the brightest jewel of the country, and   expressed his hopes of their all meeting frequently at St. James’s, with   very decent composure. If he did shrug his shoulders, it was not till Sir   William was out of sight.
在任何的答案可以从Collins先生的到来，或任何祝贺伊丽莎白从他的妻子，Longbourn的家人听说Collinses来Lucas Lodge。这种突然清除的原因很快就显而易见了。Lady Catherine对她侄子的信的内容非常生气，以至于夏洛特在比赛中真的很高兴，直到暴风雨过去，她才急于脱身。在这样的时刻，她朋友的到来对伊丽莎白是一个真诚的快乐，尽管在他们的会议她必须有时觉得快乐付出巨大的代价，当她看到达西先生接触到各种游行和谄媚的谦恭的丈夫。然而，他忍受着令人钦佩的平静。他甚至可以听William Lucas爵士的话，当他称赞他带走了这个国家最耀眼的珠宝时，他表达了他希望在圣·杰姆斯的聚会上经常见面的希望，而且非常镇定。如果他真的耸耸肩，直到威廉爵士不见了。
Mrs. Phillips’s vulgarity was another, and perhaps a greater, tax on his   forbearance; and though Mrs. Phillips, as well as her sister, stood in too   much awe of him to speak with the familiarity which Bingley’s good humour   encouraged, yet, whenever she did speak, she must be vulgar. Nor   was her respect for him, though it made her more quiet, at all likely to   make her more elegant. Elizabeth did all she could to shield him from the   frequent notice of either, and was ever anxious to keep him to herself,   and to those of her family with whom he might converse without   mortification; and though the uncomfortable feelings arising from all this   took from the season of courtship much of its pleasure, it added to the   hope of the future; and she looked forward with delight to the time when   they should be removed from society so little pleasing to either, to all   the comfort and elegance of their family party at Pemberley.
菲利浦斯太太的粗俗是另一种，也许是对他的宽容的一种更大的税；尽管菲利浦斯夫人和她的妹妹，对他太过敬畏，不敢用宾利的幽默鼓励的熟悉来说话，然而，每当她开口说话时，她一定很粗俗。她也不尊重他，虽然这使她更安静，更可能使她变得更优雅。伊丽莎白尽她所能保护他，无论从频繁的通知，便竭力使他自己，和那些自己的家人与他交谈不可能禁欲；虽然从求偶多的快乐的季节就从这一切所带来的不舒服的感觉，它增加了未来的希望；她希望与喜悦的时候，他们应该从社会这么小的喜悦，所有的舒适和优雅的家庭聚会在彭伯里。
Chapter 61
61章
Happy for all her maternal feelings was the day on which Mrs. Bennet got   rid of her two most deserving daughters. With what delighted pride she   afterwards visited Mrs. Bingley, and talked of Mrs. Darcy, may be guessed.   I wish I could say, for the sake of her family, that the accomplishment of   her earnest desire in the establishment of so many of her children   produced so happy an effect as to make her a sensible, amiable,   well-informed woman for the rest of her life; though perhaps it was lucky   for her husband, who might not have relished domestic felicity in so   unusual a form, that she still was occasionally nervous and invariably   silly.
Bennet太太摆脱了两个最值得尊敬的女儿，这一点使她感到非常高兴。她带着她后来去拜访宾利太太的那种自豪感，谈起达西太太，也许可以猜到。我希望我能说，为了自己的家庭，她渴望的成就建立在这么多的孩子产生如此快乐的影响使她通情达理，和蔼可亲，见多识广的女人用她的一生；也许这是她丈夫的幸运，可能没有谁有品味的家庭幸福的一种形式，那么不寻常，她有时候还是紧张，总是愚蠢的。
Mr. Bennet missed his second daughter exceedingly; his affection for her   drew him oftener from home than anything else could do. He delighted in   going to Pemberley, especially when he was least expected.
Bennet错过了他的第二个女儿非常；他对她的感情，让他经常从家里没有任何东西能比。他喜欢去Pemberley，尤其是当他至少预期。
Mr. Bingley and Jane remained at Netherfield only a twelvemonth. So near a   vicinity to her mother and Meryton relations was not desirable even to his   easy temper, or her affectionate heart. The darling wish of his   sisters was then gratified; he bought an estate in a neighbouring county   to Derbyshire, and Jane and Elizabeth, in addition to every other source   of happiness, were within thirty miles of each other.
宾利先生和简留在Netherfield只有一年。所以近母亲，麦里屯的关系是不可取的甚至对他容易发脾气，或她多情的心。亲爱的祝他的姐妹是那么欣慰；他在邻近的一个郡德比郡买了房地产，和简和伊丽莎白，除了幸福其他来源，是相隔三十英里。
Kitty, to her very material advantage, spent the chief of her time with   her two elder sisters. In society so superior to what she had generally   known, her improvement was great. She was not of so ungovernable a temper   as Lydia; and, removed from the influence of Lydia’s example, she became,   by proper attention and management, less irritable, less ignorant, and   less insipid. From the further disadvantage of Lydia’s society she was of   course carefully kept, and though Mrs. Wickham frequently invited her to   come and stay with her, with the promise of balls and young men, her   father would never consent to her going.
基蒂为了她物质上的优势，把时间都花在了她的两个姐姐身上。在社会上，她比一般人都优越，她的进步是伟大的。她不象丽迪雅那样的脾气；和，从丽迪雅的例子中，她成为了影响去除，通过适当的关注和管理，不急躁，不无知，不平淡。从丽迪雅社会的进一步劣势来看，她当然是小心保管的，尽管威克姆夫人经常邀请她来和她呆在一起，并许诺有舞会和年轻人，但她的父亲决不会同意她去。
Mary was the only daughter who remained at home; and she was necessarily   drawn from the pursuit of accomplishments by Mrs. Bennet’s being quite   unable to sit alone. Mary was obliged to mix more with the world, but she   could still moralize over every morning visit; and as she was no longer   mortified by comparisons between her sisters’ beauty and her own, it was   suspected by her father that she submitted to the change without much   reluctance.
玛丽是唯一留在家里的女儿，她一定是因为Bennet太太不能独自坐着而追求成就的。玛丽不得不把更多的世界，但她仍然每天早上去说教；当她不再是吓坏了她姐妹们的美貌和自己之间的比较，有人怀疑她的父亲，她提交的变化没有太多的不情愿。
As for Wickham and Lydia, their characters suffered no revolution from the   marriage of her sisters. He bore with philosophy the conviction that   Elizabeth must now become acquainted with whatever of his ingratitude and   falsehood had before been unknown to her; and in spite of every thing, was   not wholly without hope that Darcy might yet be prevailed on to make his   fortune. The congratulatory letter which Elizabeth received from Lydia on   her marriage, explained to her that, by his wife at least, if not by   himself, such a hope was cherished. The letter was to this effect:
至于威克姆和丽迪雅，她们的角色没有因姐妹们的婚姻而发生革命。他对哲学的信念，伊丽莎白现在必须熟悉无论他的忘恩负义和虚伪的以前未知的她；在每一件事，是不是完全没有希望，达西会被说服要发财了。伊丽莎白收到丽迪雅的结婚信，向她解释说，至少他的妻子，即使不是他自己，也怀有这样的希望。这封信正是为了这个效果：
“MY DEAR LIZZY,
“我亲爱的LIZZY，
“I wish you joy. If you love Mr. Darcy half as well as I do my dear   Wickham, you must be very happy. It is a great comfort to have you so   rich, and when you have nothing else to do, I hope you will think of us. I   am sure Wickham would like a place at court very much, and I do not think   we shall have quite money enough to live upon without some help. Any place   would do, of about three or four hundred a year; but however, do not speak   to Mr. Darcy about it, if you had rather not.
“祝你快乐。如果你爱达西先生一半像我亲爱的威克姆一样好，你一定很高兴。你这么有钱真是莫大的安慰，当你无事可干的时候，我希望你能想到我们。我相信威克姆很想在宫廷里住一个地方，而且我认为我们没有足够的钱在没有人帮助的情况下生活下去。任何地方都可以，大约三年或四百零一年；但是，如果你不愿意，就不要和达西先生谈这事。
“Yours, etc.”
“你的，等等”
As it happened that Elizabeth had much rather not, she endeavoured   in her answer to put an end to every entreaty and expectation of the kind.   Such relief, however, as it was in her power to afford, by the practice of   what might be called economy in her own private expences, she frequently   sent them. It had always been evident to her that such an income as   theirs, under the direction of two persons so extravagant in their wants,   and heedless of the future, must be very insufficient to their support;   and whenever they changed their quarters, either Jane or herself were sure   of being applied to for some little assistance towards discharging their   bills. Their manner of living, even when the restoration of peace   dismissed them to a home, was unsettled in the extreme. They were always   moving from place to place in quest of a cheap situation, and always   spending more than they ought. His affection for her soon sunk into   indifference; hers lasted a little longer; and in spite of her youth and   her manners, she retained all the claims to reputation which her marriage   had given her.
碰巧，伊丽莎白极不情愿，她想在她的回答来结束每一个请求和这种期望。这样的缓解，但是，因为它是在她能负担得起，由什么可能在她自己的私人费用称为经济的实践中，她经常给他们。它一直明显她这样的收入，他们两人在他们想要那么奢侈的方向下，不顾未来，必须对他们的支持不够；当他们改变了他们的宿舍，简和她是一定会被应用到对他们的一些票据援助。他们的生活方式，即使是和平的恢复，把他们驱逐到一个家里，在极端的情况下是不安定的。他们总是到处找便宜的东西，总是花的比他们应该的多。她对她的爱慕很快就淡漠了；她的感情延续了一段时间；尽管她年轻，举止优雅，但她仍保留着婚姻所赋予她的一切名誉。
Though Darcy could never receive him at Pemberley, yet, for   Elizabeth’s sake, he assisted him further in his profession. Lydia was   occasionally a visitor there, when her husband was gone to enjoy himself   in London or Bath; and with the Bingleys they both of them frequently   staid so long, that even Bingley’s good humour was overcome, and he   proceeded so far as to talk of giving them a hint to be gone.
虽然达西从未收到他在Pemberley，但因为伊丽莎白的缘故，他帮助他进一步在他的职业。丽迪雅偶尔来访者那里，当她的丈夫去了伦敦或沐浴享受自己；并与bingleys他们都经常把这么长的时间，即使是宾利的幽默感被克服，他接着就讲要暗示他们走。
Miss Bingley was very deeply mortified by Darcy’s marriage; but as she   thought it advisable to retain the right of visiting at Pemberley, she   dropt all her resentment; was fonder than ever of Georgiana, almost as   attentive to Darcy as heretofore, and paid off every arrear of civility to   Elizabeth.
宾利小姐是很深的羞辱达西的婚姻；但她认为不宜保留参观彭伯里的权利，她放下她所有的怨恨；她比从前更喜爱Georgiana，达西迄今几乎一样细心，并付清了所有拖欠的文明伊丽莎白。
Pemberley was now Georgiana’s home; and the attachment of the sisters was   exactly what Darcy had hoped to see. They were able to love each other   even as well as they intended. Georgiana had the highest opinion in the   world of Elizabeth; though at first she often listened with an   astonishment bordering on alarm at her lively, sportive, manner of talking   to her brother. He, who had always inspired in herself a respect which   almost overcame her affection, she now saw the object of open pleasantry.   Her mind received knowledge which had never before fallen in her way. By   Elizabeth’s instructions, she began to comprehend that a woman may take   liberties with her husband which a brother will not always allow in a   sister more than ten years younger than himself.
Pemberley现在是Georgiana的家；和姑嫂正是达西所希望看到的。他们能够彼此相爱，即使他们想的那样好。Georgiana在伊丽莎白的世界里有最高的意见；虽然她起初常常听得惊骇接壤的警报在她的活泼，爱玩，跟她哥哥的方式。他总是小心地尊重几乎克服了她的感情，她现在看见开打趣的对象。她的思想得到了前所未有的知识。在伊丽莎白的指示下，她开始认识到一个女人可能会对她的丈夫采取自由的态度，而在一个比他小十岁的妹妹中，一个弟弟并不总是允许她这样做。
Lady Catherine was extremely indignant on the marriage of her nephew; and   as she gave way to all the genuine frankness of her character in her reply   to the letter which announced its arrangement, she sent him language so   very abusive, especially of Elizabeth, that for some time all intercourse   was at an end. But at length, by Elizabeth’s persuasion, he was prevailed   on to overlook the offence, and seek a reconciliation; and, after a little   further resistance on the part of his aunt, her resentment gave way,   either to her affection for him, or her curiosity to see how his wife   conducted herself; and she condescended to wait on them at Pemberley, in   spite of that pollution which its woods had received, not merely from the   presence of such a mistress, but the visits of her uncle and aunt from the   city.
Lady Catherine对她侄子的婚姻极为愤慨；当她对她宣布回信的回信作出让步时，她对她所说的一切真诚的态度都让步了，她给他发了如此辱骂的语言，特别是伊丽莎白的话，一段时间以来，所有的交往都结束了。但最后，在伊丽莎白的劝说下，他终于原谅的罪行，并寻求和解；并且，在他姑姑的一点进一步的抵抗后，她愤怒了，或者她对他或她的好奇心，看看他的妻子，她屈尊了自己；等他们在彭伯里，在污染的森林已经收到，不能仅仅从这样的女主人面前，但拜访她的叔叔和阿姨从市。
With the Gardiners, they were always on the most intimate terms. Darcy, as   well as Elizabeth, really loved them; and they were both ever sensible of   the warmest gratitude towards the persons who, by bringing her into   Derbyshire, had been the means of uniting them.
跟嘉丁纳夫妇，他们总是在最亲密的关系。达西，以及伊丽莎白，真的爱他们；并感激他们曾经对人的理智，把她带到了德比郡，他们联合的手段。